When he said he wouldnt want our future kid to bring home a person of color it was wraps, its like im grieving the first version of him that i knew before this. He would have been perfect for me if it wasnt for this. I cannot believe he can even think like that
Ive read your points and Im okay with leaving it at a difference of opinion. If your goal was just to say there are better options, thats fine. But Feraligatr is my favorite Pokemon, so it never needed to beat out any other Pokemon for me to enjoy and utilize it. Again, this game was not made with VGC in mind. I could rebut a few of your points, but I dont really think its necessary because I never said Feraligatr was literally the best water Pokemon in the game. Its just my favorite and I think any fans of it should celebrate the fact that he got any shine at all. Comparing apples to oranges doesnt change the taste and enjoyability of either.
Can you mention one or a few ways youve specifically simplified Kokoro here? You may also want to add that to your Github page to help potential users understand what problems youre solving here.
Are you talking about Gyoubu? I cant see the spesific problem here basically the more you deflect the easier you will get to the deathblow and when you dont hit or deflect them consistently they regain the posture lost. So even if you deflect a lot you might have a long fight if you cant keep the pressure up, dont hesitate.
Thanks for taking the time to share your thoughts in my case! I would like to use copilot studio as the plan later on is to extent capabilities via different topics. The same concept is working very well on agent build with the builder copilot studio light, but it seems without connectors the full CP studio has less flexibility. I got also suggestion to ask user to upload on specific sharepoint location and the specific link to be part of the knowledge package - so i would not need connector to export text from pdf, but so far i did not manage to make it work.
Image posts are only allowed for Original Artwork infographics and in some cases when its needed to point something out. Not allowed as One sentenceimage, Appreciation threads, Formations and random image to start a discussion formation posts and all discussions needs to be a text post with at least 300 characters
Iedomājies ka tu smēķē visu savu dzīvi - velc tos dūmus plaušās. Kā tu domā vai tev dūmi traucētu, ja kāds tev blakām smēķētu? Smēķētāji ir pieraduši un tiem tie neizraisa diskomfortu, tāpēc tie nesaprot par ko te jezga. Aizrādījums uztveras kā diskriminācija. Cilvēkiem dažādas perspektīvas. Un smēķēšana jau ir aizliegta pieturās, pie ieejām un tam līdzīgi. Pat uz balkoniem neesmu drošs vai var. Pēc fakta jau vari policiju saukt. Vienkārši neviens to nedarīs.
For Kintetsu trains, the Limited Express seat fee is an extra charge on top of your base fare. From Osaka Namba to Shiroko, the seat fee is around 1,500 to 2,000 yen depending on the train and time of day as far as I remember. You need this ticket because all Limited Express seats are reserved. You can buy the Limited Express ticket at any Kintetsu station from a machine or ticket counter. Just tell the staff or select your departure and destination, date, and time. You can also book online through Kintetsus English website and pick up the ticket later. If youre using the Kintetsu Rail Pass, it covers the base fare, but you still have to pay the Limited Express seat fee separately. Once you arrive at Shiroko Station, you can take a short local bus or taxi to Suzuka Circuit. Since its for the F1 weekend, trains will be crowded, so its smart to book the Limited Express seat in advance to guarantee a spot and a smooth trip.
I assume you are from Norway then? The amount of reported crime per 1000 people in 2010 used to be 81.1 crimes, the immigrant population of the time was only 13 of a million. In 2024, 59.8 crimes per 1000 people were reported, despite the immigrant population having doubled since then reaching 0.63 million So, if immigrantion was really importing crime, wouldnt the rate of crime have doubled instead of fallen? Crime is a socioeconomic factor, poor people commit more crimes. And immigrants are more likely to be poor as they come to countries without really any networks, they then are stuck doing low-wage jobs. This makes people turn to crime.
Yes as long youre normal about it meaning youre not obsessive and keep it to yourself. I wont tell my boyfriend which actors I think are hot just like I dont want to hear it from him.
Tiana is AMAZING, shes the owner there at hair sanctuary love shes been doing my hair for over a decade now and no matter the color, color correction or very specific cut I want, she absolutely nails it cry Ill never go to anyone else ever again love
Hi , This submission has been automatically removed because it is very short. Its quite likely that the post breaks one of our subreddit rules Your thread may need more detail or its topic may not be allowed by our rules such as no questions with a specific answer or no questions that generate short answers. If your thread was asking for suggestions about what games to get then you should look at asking either , , or . If you are looking for the name of a game then you should try . Please send us a message if you think that the bots removal is inaccurate. I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subredditmessagecompose?to if you have any questions or concerns.
But were talking about a theoretical boxing match with real physics in place, one person just happens to be invulnerable. If you get ragdolled around without being competitive, the ref will call off the fight. It doesnt matter if youre physically capable of continuing. The theoretical match here is a boxing match with boxing rules. Whats the point in adding 150lbs to the prompt? Why not 2lbs? Clearly its because it affects the outcome. Also its literally in the OP prompt He can still be knocked and thrown around, but he will never cut or bruise, never be injured, never feel pain, and never become dizzy, fatigued, or out of breath.
I think its clear that Im not alluding to the technical difficulty of the language, but rather the mental barrier a lot of language learners face in acquiring their first other language.
You understand Wanda and captain marvel and doctor strange the hulk and Thor were all there. Cap black panther and iron man to boot. Throw in a little Spidey and the guardians . I think Im going with the endgame heroes here.
The lyrics of his personal theme do mention bending space and time, and while the latter is less obvious, he did more or less skip the entire night in the last episode, though that may just be time flowing differently in the special dimension he was in.