Hi , thanks for posting to ! Unfortunately, your submission was removed because you are only allowed 2 posts within a 24 hour period. Your lastest post at 1oh73gv - - UTC exceeded this limit. can post again in 25 hours time. the time UTC is 2025-10-28 05-23-14 Remember each post past this limit restarts your timer. And will make it longer for you to wait until you can post, so do not spam the sub. What does UTC mean for your posts? UTC Coordinated Universal Time is the standard time zone used for moderation. You may need to convert it to your local time to determine when you can post again. Websites like timeanddate.com can help you with this. not message the mod team about this. These rules are applied automatically and consistently to all users. We do not make exceptions or hall pass posts. Continued violations may result in a ban, as flooding the subreddit disrupts the community. For more information, see our FAQ Thank you for understanding and contributing responsibly!
You should add Oath in Felghana to your playlist. Its my Ys game after Origin and 7. Great romp and one of the most incredible last boss fights Ive ever experienced.
Sure ig, if thats what everyone knows you for. A majority of people I know had a very well understanding I enjoy the military and have a lot of equipment and gear
Mamdani so actually we do have a plan outlined in partnership with the fans where they get to vote on every signing and FO move Cuomo Dolan is a great guy, the Rangers are the best in the league Sliwa when I was shot five times in the back of a taxicab by the Gambino Crime family
Yeah, its all about finding that balance. Work can suck, but its also a means to enjoy lifetravel, hobbies, experiences. Just make sure youre not stuck in a job that drains you for the sake of a paycheck. Focus on what makes you happy and fulfilled!
Thank you so much for your post! Check out these other subs and and join in on the fun! Tops - rBoobiesAndBongs - Ganja and titties! - rCompetitive_Tits - New winner every week - rGet_Ya_Tits_Out - Flashing, exhibition, nip slips - rThe_Dark_Nipple - For the dark nipple lovers Tails - rAll_Rear_View - The view from behind - rAny_Innies - pussies, buttholes, and nipples - rBalloon_Knots - butthole appreciation - rInvitingHoles - Welcoming holes - rShirtClamming - Female shirtcocking Fetishy - rCurvyQTs - Thick chick appreciation - rFeetured_Nudes - Nudes featuring feet - rPale_Beach - pale chicks at the beach You help these subs grow with everything you do! Its appreciated! I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subredditmessagecompose?to if you have any questions or concerns.
So in the last 3 government shut downs Democrats argued a clean CR was all they were asking for while Republicans wanted additional policy concessions. Whats different this time? Is it healthcare? How many people does the democratic ask effect people vs the amount of people hurt by the lost of SNAP hurt people?
How do you recommend spending my 3 in game hour rotations? I feel like Im not maximizing my time? Do I focus mane zones for a bit and ignore secondary? Or do I just go from closest zone to closest zone?
There is a reason frequent hand hygiene is preferred over gloves in most situations in hospitals. As the other guy has said, its well proven that its more sanitary than frequent glove changes. This isnt debatable, its established fact.
يعني ايه القصه دي على اساسا أنها قصه واحده وكله ببنزلها قسم بالله ما انا يمكن حضرتك اختلط عليك الأمر ابعتلي يفندم مسج و انا هبعتلك الإثباتات ومش عاوزة منك حاجه. غير انك تدعيلي فقط تمام
Hi uParticularAd110, your post has been removed because you posted something with a NSFW tag. Please keep all content PG-13 by posting SFW Safe For Work art only. NSFW posts are auto-removed by our moderation automation bots. We no longer allow NSFW art in rHoustonLesbian. If you think this is a mistake, please contact the moderators through modmail Thank you!
Hi there, thanks for the suggestion but I do not presently have friends who are interested in going and I have some other restrictions too. Hence, Im looking for a group travel thing only.
Whatever happens tomorrow everyone will be okay. Amazon hires top talent and everyone knows it. As a previous employee having Amazon experience on your resume attracts recruiters. Keep in mind, mass layoffs have nothing to do with your talent. You were hired because you are the best and you will be the best the next place you go.
Hindi ka OA,ginagaslight mo sarili mo. Bakit ka nagpapaka-anak sa mga magulang mo hindi ka naman tinuring na anak at hindi ka nagpakamagulang sayo. Unahin mo sarili mo at yung anak mo. Pinabayaan ka nga nila eh, matanda na yan mga yan di mo sila kailangan akuin. Inaabuso ka na, nagpapaabuso ka naman.
The story goes on like this, he was Born in Amstetten, Lower Austria, on April 9, 1935, Josef Fritzl was found guilty of one of the most horrifying incidents of rape, false imprisonment, and incest in modern history. When Elisabeth was eleven years old in 1977, he started sexually abusing her. Under the guise of assisting with the installation of a door, Fritzl lured her into the basement of their family house in 1984. He then sedated her with an ether-soaked rag and locked her up in a soundproofed crypt he had covertly built over a number of years the ceiling was just 58'' had she and her kids had to endure that for 24 years with no natural light. He forced her to have seven children with him as he held her captive for 24 years, SAed her frequently, sometimes many times a day. The mental trauma she and her three kids undergroundhad was really bad till this day she cant seem to get over it. Even the kids that were taken up to be raised by josef himself remaining three even had to go to anger management after the whole truth came out.
When I left Christianity, I found that despite being told all my life that people had a God-shaped hole that they needed to fill with Jesus, Id been trying to cram Jesus into a hole that didnt exist. But the difference in my case was that I left primarily because I didnt believe, rather than because I didnt like it although I certainly didnt see God as loving before the end. I wasnt looking for anything to fill a hole left by the lack of Christianity, because there was no hole. A lot of people, though, leave Christianity for other reasons than me and go out in search of something to give them the same feeling of purpose, community, hope, etc. that Christianity was supposed to give them. Many find other religions that fit them better. Is this the sort of situation youre in now? Are you seeking the things that Christianity failed to provide?