Your first thought should be to get a proper brick and mortar bank account so you can talk to people and not AI bots. Real banks dont restrict access to accounts without solid legal evidence of fraud, money laundering or criminal activity. Please take this as a wake up call to move your funds to a real bank. Revolut is fine for travel money and as a backup online-only account, but for anything else it can be an unmitigated disaster. Please learn from this experience and warn any friends that have all their money in online-only banks.
Its not bad, but you still kind just twist up and lift on the backswing and then shovel through instead of actually coiling back. Get a lesson and ask about that
Obviously i abandoned hope for the industry And for your information, Im in a psychology major at one of the top universities in the world. So your last sentence doesnt mean shit and it doesnt make u smarter than anyone
Hur menar du när du säger rent känslomässigt? Att utvisa en person som begått ett grovt brott minskar risken att liknande brott sker i framtiden. Är inte det mest logiska då att utvisa personen?
You appear to lack a flair. Here is a guide for new reddit a guide for old reddit and a guide for mobile reddit If you cannot locate your age and gender, please message us asking for the correct gender flair. Please also specify if you want your age to go with it as well. Thanks! I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subredditmessagecompose?to if you have any questions or concerns.
Yeah, was actually cold inside on the second night. The balance of the lineups were off or it shouldve been a different venue I guess. Really pleased I got to see MLIW and HWM as Ive never seen either band before.
You have no idea what power does our clg holds its not like some random bjw clg trust me Ive experienced first hand , I was like these guys are gundas disguised in formals and blazers.
Could argue having a amakusa to replace one of the hi nus but basically this. But I have a theory, if you suck or lack a meta supportraid just gen stack, if one of the gens has good range and or data link its a plus No point being a crummy raid and getting chat spammed or being support and being bullied because your team doesnt care about you you cant assert yourself
I tell you, this deserves an anime adaptation with a good studio. Watching the kids made me feel like a proud parent. Way better than whatever the hell is nano machine.