I dont love him, but he saluted at the same time the officer behind him did it, so he mustve done out of respect he was shown where to go as they have manners and tell which way he should salute everyone. They both followed the path
Same here and they hate my guts. I was always responsible for caretaking and upbringing, and then my parents would come and be their friend like what the fuck they have absolutely no respect for me. They dont listen to anything any of my advice yet they have leeched off of me financially. The older I got the more like you know Ive done this for you XYZ theyre like wow youre holding that over my head like yeah youre an adult now and you havent ever ever thanked me or paid me back for anything. Maybe once or twice but no where near the same. Its ruined me having kids because it can be a thankful less job. Theres no way knowing your kids will turn out to be grateful, they could literally use and deplete you of resources then turn around and say you never did anything for them. Like its crazy that if I wasnt parent, I wouldve had a better relationship with my own sibling.
We noticed that you used the flair Married To A WomanShowing Ring. for your submission and we wanted to make sure that you understand when this flair and others like it should be used. This flair is intended only for a man who is married to a woman and showing their wedding bandring in their submission. Please do not use this flair if you are not a man who is married to a woman and showing your wedding bandring in your submission. Note If you are following flair guidelines, using the correct flair please disregard this message. As always, please remember to read the rules and when posting use the flair from the flair chart that best fits you your submissions situation. If the flair chart above doesnt load please use this link to view the chart. I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subredditmessagecompose?to if you have any questions or concerns.
They make tension rings that might be helpful. They make a few different styles and you might need to play around to find the one that works for you. The kind that have a more closed circle as one part worked best for me, less of it it slipping out
I dont mind the confidence that comes with it, either and avoiding the anxietyjokesetc that come with the opposite. But apparently Ive triggered some folks by celebrating what Im packing on a porn alt account on a porn subreddit
It does affect us, thats why were talking about it. Idk why you feel the need to neg everyone and be belligerent via multiple replies to this post, but our feelings and opinions are valid, and we deserve the opportunity to express that, even if you dont like it.
Sorry man I get it. 49 years old and been through a lot like every human alive. I know what you mean having the dolphins lift your spirits. Unfortunately they dont. My dog died of cancer in 2022. They gave me some Joy abd distraction that year and year after when I was still grieving. That is why I have soft spot for tua and McDaniel. But mostly they never can lift our spirits when we need them. You are young and single. Go on apps and meet chicks. I did that when single. It is a distraction. You will bounce back. As far as dolphins. Try to find something like rooting for young players to develope. Even if we win Thursday we are not making playoffs so this year is failure. Hang in there and get on dating apps and gym and enjoy free single time. Some day you will be married and miss those single days.
Thanks for posting on ! This is just a reminder to review the rules Rremember to please post the yearmakemodel of the vehicle you are working on. If this post is about bodywork, accident damage, paint, dentding, questions it belongs in rAutoBodyRepair or If you have tire questions check out If you dont have a question and youre just showing off it belongs in Insurancetotal loss questions go in rinsurance This is an automated reply I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subredditmessagecompose?to if you have any questions or concerns.
No emergency, but I have several HYSAs at one institution that serve as buckets. E-fund, travelvacay fund, home improvement fund all serve different purposes and give me a quick idea of I I can afford XX thing.
The reality here is actually quite simple, Mike Johnson does not want to protect the Affordable Care Act, which 24 million Americans rely on. He and his party hate this law that enabled millions of Americans to get coverage. They do not believe in healthcare as a right. This is their way of destroying it from within, allowing it to become so expensive that no one can afford it anymore, making millions of Americans uninsured. Republicans do not need one single vote from democrats, they can amend the rules of the chamber to permit passage of funding bills with a 501 majority. Without ACA subsidies, the cost of health insurance varies significantly by individual circumstances, but premiums are projected to increase significantly in 2026 if enhanced subsidies expire. For example, an average annual premium for a subsidized enrollee could jump from about 888 in 2025 to an estimated 1,904 in 2026, a more than 114 increase. The Trump administration announced it would not tap into an existing 5 billion contingency fund to pay for SNAP benefits in November. Democrats called this a gross dereliction of...responsibilities and argued the administration was intentionally inflicting pain. Amid the federal standoff, some states, like Louisiana, planned to use state funds to backfill SNAP benefits, while others, like Tennessee refuse to do so. Its time for a nationwide general strike. Shut the entire economy down and force republicans to listen to reason and get off of their fat entitled asses and do something to help the American people.
Check out all our other partnered subreddits I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subredditmessagecompose?to if you have any questions or concerns.
They existed before books. You misconstrue. Let me be more clear The point of books is to preserve, objectify, standardize, and regulate language and education. Beginning with personal memoirs, recorded history of peoples, transactional records, etc. the existence of a book is for one to look back on later, or to share that knowledge with another in a regimented and coehisve way, at ones own pace. Im not saying movies, video games, and music cant do that, but that was not necessarily the intent of those things to begin with. And I would argue, that it is not the main intent of such things today. Maybe, 1000 years from now, all classroom learning will be done through audiovisual, and we will have contacts connected to our brains that just tell us what everything is and means. But until that point, books are essential for having standardized ways of speaking and teaching people. The purpose of the teacher is then to break it down, and say things in a way that everyone understands. But the books purpose is to define clearly and inarguably what the thing is. The less people read and educate themselves, the harder it is to communicate with people outside of their circle or set of circles. I would argue that the inverse is also true people who read way more than average tend to talk funny to the rest of us, but they understand others significantly better than the rest of us. And they can get cultured a lot quicker than the rest of us can get edumacated. Thats what I meant. Preservation of books is preservation of language, history, ideas, and knowledge at its heart. The rest of these mediums arent. They can be, and sometimes are, but not innately.
It is from the official site, you cannot break it up, it is on a timer just like the real exam. In case you were not aware, there are 4 quarters in the exam. After you finish the first quarter you cannot go back to thoseonce you click to advance to the second, after the second quarter is your scheduled break which is effectively a lunchsnack break. Then 34 are like 12. If you take an optional break between sections 12 or 34, your timer continues. The weird thing in the mock exam is that you cannot review it once you submit, but you can check and see the correct answer during the exam. It leaves a weird dilemma of do I take this as a real exam and just look at the score printout? Or do I look at every answer to see if I was right?. I would suggest 99 being in the camp of taking it as a real exam, I just marked certain ones for review and Id look at those before advancing to be sure I understood what it was going for. I think its more helpful to get used to the exam format than it is as a learning tool. Use your test prep providers material to do the learningand read the CFP code of ethics and applying the code of ethics documents.
Hello , thank you for your submission to ! Thank you for being a verified contributor! Please ensure that your submission adheres to the subreddit rules. If it does not, then please remove it. I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subredditmessagecompose?to if you have any questions or concerns.
He got me my win with soldier accel, could do great in team too if you find the time to do premade and dodge the prehistorical amphibians that populate the match making. Theres a few guides already out and some use him, you just need to spam hidden dps anyways
-Bee9375, Join our friends rNsfwUnlocked, rAsianFetish, rtiktokthots, rthong, rBustyNaturals. I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subredditmessagecompose?to if you have any questions or concerns.
Oh for sure, I just mean in general. The majority if not all of them should be charged, but the gravy seals are just goose stepping and obeying orders. Im guessing you said Dan but meant Greg btw, hes not important enough for his name to matter
If people say that then they havent actually tried to listen to his music. Literally just go listen to the Dweezil Zappa plays Zappa concerts where he plays most of the hits and you can see that the insane musicianship could also make great music.
Welcome to rFastSexting! Stay safe, follow all rules and remember, your safety and privacy come first. Always think twice! join fastsexting discord server our affiliates - hedoncustoms is the best platform for buying and selling custom content 18 fast. I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subredditmessagecompose?to if you have any questions or concerns.
Which makes sense if a place is generating equity but the condo market in Edmonton is stagnant at best. I feel like there are some markets where that is the case but Edmonton sure as hell isnt one of those markets. Also there is a massive degree of liability associated with being a home owner relative to a renter.
Thank you for posting, your submission has been successfully posted in ! Check out these other great altgoth subreddits! - remogirlsfuck, rBigTiddyGothGirls, rGothGirlsGW, rGothsGoneWild, rBigAssAltgf, rBigBootyGOTHICCgf, rBigTittyGothgf, rBigTiddyAltGirls, rAltGirlsGW, rHairyGothGirls, rMetalGoneWild, rsmoltittygothgf, rGothPussy, rGhosties, rSceneGirls. Selling Subreddits rOnlyFansALT rGothGirlsOnlyFans rFanslyGothSluts rFanslyInked rFanslyAltGirls rManyVidsAltGirls. I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subredditmessagecompose?to if you have any questions or concerns.
Sorry! You need more comment karma to participate in . Come back after engaging more. Good luck. I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subredditmessagecompose?to if you have any questions or concerns.