You go on and just keep on making excuses for being selfish and making up straw-man arguments no one ever said. Nobody said the best contribution you believe you have to offer society is procreation Though sadly that really might be the best you yourself can shoot for considering how adverse you are to any responsibility. I advocate for it because most people are capable of being good parents and having kids changes you for the better. We ve done this for literally thousands of years but now in this time of abundance its some how too hard. Like just stahp. The rest of us will do the hard work. We get it. Also saying procreating is a base level instinct as a minor achievement - is so disconnected and bizarre from being a base level healthy minded human that blows my mind. Ive worked on fighter jets - ran companies- worked with people who make literally hundreds of million of dollars -- I cant fathom what in the world you believe is major human achievement other then creating an exceptional human being that will go on to change the world. Hahaha You sir lack wisdom.
Ayy jajajaja joy joy joy joy si? Uis shocked jeje si todo son experiencias vividas me imagino más o menos como estás, solo no te contentas mucho, no vayas a explotar jajajaja
A bank, hotel, saloon, stable if you want and dont forget the horses. Not just in the stable, but all around the town and if you do add horses, you might as well as some posts used to tie the horses to for a slight touch of realism
inga konstigheter att a pengar på swedbank, 100k är rimligt att ha som nödfallskassa för att kunna bibehålla hem och mat ifall man tex förlorar jobbet eller nått annat oväntat händer, men ytterliggare besparingar hade jag fört över till en global indexfond eller liknande för långtidssparandehandpenningssparande för att köpa bostad.
Its not real love if one abuses the other is the other side of this coin, to the point you could change next to nothing in this post and it could work.
Placing your eye makeup so low is making your face proportions look off. I know youre working with a strong brow bone, but I would try angling your eyebrows upward more and not doing so much underneath your eyes.
For all they know even if youre in a zone you could be at your house or something. Theyre not going to pay you for sitting at the house or wherever homeless people are even on the dasher app
I would just consider it a kawaii piece sadly . When this happens I throw those cute ruffle bloomers under to give it more of a kawaii look and accessories as well ! It looks absolutely adorable on you !
Need mo ng patience hahaha one cat lang ung pinakapon ko pero grabe ung stress na na-exp ko hahahaha thankful ako sa kapatid ko kasi tinutulungan nya ko alagaan ung pusa ko. Magpapainom ng meds, apply cream, alalay sa pag-ihi at inom, pagbabantay kung nadidilaan na ba ung sugat. Very important ung cone, marami kaming cone na binili kasi natatanggal nya talaga hanggang sa nahanap namin ung best cone hahahaha tapos nagsuggest din sila na tofu litter ung gamitin nila para magpoop or ihi. Late na namin to nalaman pero buti na lang din di dinidikit ng pusa ko ung butt nya sa sand so di na-infect sugat nya. Usually 1 week lang recovery period sa male cats daw pero me umabot ng two weeks just to make sure na dry na ung sugat. Sobrang maaawa ka sa kanila kasi umiiyak sila pag di sanay sa cone, di nakakapag-groom tho binibigyan namin ng break sa cone para makapag-groom tapos binabalik na namin pag didilaan na ung sugat. Mas magandang naka-cage sila para minimal movements or sa maliit na kwarto na di sila makakatalon. Ayon since two cats yan, much better if may kasama ka na tutulong sayo.
voh toh theek h no offense but they see the rank for a reason because depending on the role u need to be really good at maths like exceptionally good, my friend got shortlisted too but he said during the interview he was sweating hard solving problems for 50-60mins lol
Yes the jet ''sucks'' because you cant get a match ?? Skill issue, if you expect a plane that do everything dont play like 99 of the planes in game
Welcome to rJerkOffChat! Stay safe 18 Dont share personal info, use anonymousencrypted accounts, avoid facetattoosidentifiers, set boundaries, and stop if pressured. Helpful links Browse or create a Safe Sexting Bot set up a private bot for safer, anonymous sexting. StopSextortion.com guidance and resources if youre threatened or blackmailed. Related subs 18 Please follow all rules and local laws. Note These resources are shared by users we cant independently verify every link. I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subredditmessagecompose?to if you have any questions or concerns.
So I see what youre saying and I think youre right that a lot of the behavior is online. I will say that Im starting to see the online behavior leak into the real world. Its still a minority of people, but it is real. People are being influenced by the online activity.
100, I dont plan on giving them a bulk sum of money without them being financially literate. I plan on teaching them about finances and investing, which sadly I never got that wisdom early on.
Sua postagemcomentário está em desacordo com a Regra da comunidade Motivo Conteúdo nocivo à comunidade SPAM, propaganda, desinformação, golpes. Saiba mais 1. !O Reddit combate o SPAM intensamente.! 1. !Seus filtros suspendem indefinidamente, contas suspeitas de spam, resultando num shadowban. Elas seguem ativas, mas suas interações ficam invisíveis aos outros.! 2. !Para normalizar sua conta, por favor, leia o guia da comunidade sobre shadow ban 3. !Entre em contato com a moderação caso tenha dúvidas.! 2. !Não é permitido promover produtos ou serviços nesta comunidade.! 3. !Postagens com golpes ou desinformação serão removidas.!