I was just reading that the semi-open bag style is trending. Im not a fan, it looks like your bag is falling open and is an invitation for pickpockets if you live in a city. Im thinking this trend will be short-lived - security is important.
Unintensionally many times harsh words do come out , which i never mean in real , but it just comes out . Trying since many years to have a control over it , still unable to achieve it
also, I bought a MulderDuchovney ken doll back when it was available to be Adam Hauptman, and a Crystal King to be Z in fae form though he would need a repaint
Warning uephanryan read the below to avoid being scammed Only trade with someone that comments on your post, open your post and confirm the comment is visible. Banned users cannot comment, but may PM you and attempt to make it look like a public comment. Do not trade with green colored usernames or anyone having r before their name - these are subreddits made by scammers to trick traders. Search your trading partner on the Universal Scammer List USL. Known serial scammers, ignore and block etInllNnmllIlIll1918 !!! loneoInlinoneIlonone !!! IllbilItiliselI or any similar looking name smargo !!! Snes91 !!! Bjfoster !!! Serenadings !!! dgollert101 Click here to learn how to confirm transactions, leave feedback, and increase your flair score. I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subredditmessagecompose?to if you have any questions or concerns.
There will be a pro-shot recording! Axels brother Erik confirmed. I did see at least 6 cameras on a standard, 1 steady cam and Erik with a hand held camera dont know if it was for video or photo.
My brother and I loved the Bourne movies. So for a few years there when we were younger, we had a tradition of seeing ever single Matt Damon movie that released.. Oh boy did we see some weird ones. Probably the best sleeper hit was the adjustment bureau. The weirdest one was the Clint Eastwood directed movie where Matt Damon can talk ghosts called the hereafter.
Holy Boulders is next weekend! Im still new to outdoor climbing and am unfortunately in the middle of rehabbing a few untimely injuries so likely no hard climbing for me... but Im stoked to finally touch some real rock again! Excited to practice some top-outs and to work on my mental game outdoors.
I have a jacket from the gap that my grandma got me for Christmas in 8th grade. Wish I had kept more from college. I have a lot of clothes from my 20s that I still wear. If its not worn out I dont see the point in getting rid of it.
1 for Dr. Burton. By the way, some plans cover vasectomies as preventative care or just charge a copay. I think I paid 20 through Mountain Health Coop. I know not everyone gets to choose their insurance but its worth shopping around.
I get my 11mo gsd diamond puppy, but when she hits 15 months old might switch her to strive high protein bc thats what my malinois eats, if she can stomach it. Im mostly worried shes gonna stop eating for two weeks again like she did when she was 5 months old cry I did take her to the vet and they couldnt find anything wrong - so if was determined she didnt like the food anymore and I switched it 3 times before she started eating diamond - it was an expensive two weeks
I, I spent eight years trying to reach him, and then another seven trying to keep him locked up, because I realized that what was living behind Mike Mateis eyes was purely and simply... evil.
ive found there can be quiet the bias against glinda within this sub, and youll be downvoted no matter how well your points are lol. its honestly surprising how many people misunderstand her. im very excited for the movie to delve deeper into her and flesh it out, which hopefully changes this narrative around her character!
It was a marketing decision by Disney. At the time of its original release, Burton was a very hot director and adding his name to the project created a familiarity and buzz for it.
A light mech with one or two medium lasers takes the same or more time to play as much larger machines that pack a bigger punch If youre shooting Assault 'Mechs in the front arc, yes, but if youre running them around the field, getting behind units, and exploiting their weaker rear armour, forcing them to decide on either turning to face you a big threat and swat you or not expose their already damaged rear arc to bigger guns and threats, a couple medium lasers moving 69, 711, or 812 are a heck of a threat.
Yes, super boring even after many expansion on our tree. Also after they nerf the renew to a longer time and one at a time, no longer free cast on all player unless you are disc spec, which many avoid it. While the dungeons is punishment on healers doing soaking, CC, and mechanics, while many players dont understand the healer perspective. We are healers, not Jesus that can heal through aoe damage with player has less damage control on their own behalf. Chantis need addition points to work on the stunt, we also need extra button to do group heals, or stand still heals. The rotation gaming is starting to be super punishment. I think I will rerolled to tank or another healer class on next expansion. Tbh. The grind on questing and leveling is super disadvantages as a priest. My alts pally and shammy do way far better when comes to over questing and getting things done. Also, carrying other who is still learning is forgiving. It is a shame after all these years. It is time to give up playing priest in next expansion.
No es común, pero diría que hay más gente de la que uno pensaría a la que le gusta eso. A mi me daría asco y seguro termino con problemas emocionales por unos años.
Theres more wrestlers I dont like IRL than I do. So Logan Paul being a twat makes no difference to me. If he can work then Im here for it, and it makes me happy he will no longer butcher the sport of boxing. I would have a difficult time rooting for him as a face though, but I have cheered on twats in WWE before, so who knows.