I sold my collection to pay rent about 6-7 years ago, did not get anywhere NEAR what I should have gotten for it, but I had seasons 1-20. My boyfriend uses this dvdcdbook exchange website and has tons of free credits and has offered to help me rebuild my collection. I might take him up on it.
I have many great memories of Hardman making a key play at just the right time. His route tree was a little limited, but he was the best at those jet sweeps.
Yeah, hes not only dumb as a bag of rocks, but also, the cloak of religion allows him to avoid accountability for literally anything and everything. Like this dude really believes his fictional sky daddy thinks hes tight. eyeroll
When you give something in the spirit of helping people it should be with the understanding that youre not expecting anything in return. If youre doing something for others and expecting something in return, that is a form of control. And there is definitely one thing in life that we dont have control overand thats everything except our own reaction.
My beardie when I let him out, free roams the house. The cats 3 might sniff him and he chases them, but for the most part, they leave each other alone and I keep an eye on them, always in the same room, almost always sitting on the floor just in case something happens I can intervene without having to run across the room plus if I dont, he finds new places to hide and I spend 30 minutes trying to find him
Guess im not paying enough attention bc thats my first time seeing her. She was up on their official website you say? Guess Ill be saving my banner pity too like
Can someone make a program to sync the video with Rick Monday and Stephen Nelson? Im over John Smoltz mansplaining every pitch and telling us all how he wouldve pitched it instead. Barf.
I am on BC but I still wont let a guy put his raw penis in me unless weve been in a committed relationship for a few months. If they wont wear a condom, they dont get sex with me, simple as that. Im not risking getting herpes.
Im just looking at a little more ummmph. My speakers are pretty new and very good. I want to take that very good on a different road to see if its an even better ride!
Yes. We shit the bed massively with how we went about the mass adoption of dual income households via women mostly joining the workforce. Whilst undeniably a good thing, helping to enhance womens rights more than pretty much anything since they won the right to vote, there was an unintended consequence to the approach that caused problems. What we should have done is introduce the three day week at around the same time, meaning we gain a day a week in total output 2 x 3 1 x 5 while equalising workloads between men and women. What we did is let everyone work 5 days a week and plow all the extra money into increased housing costs, so now theres rarely anyone at home in the week, everyone is stressed and nobody has time for anything, whilst were not actually any better off theres just a bigger number in the how much does your rentmortgage cost each month column. Its also made it darn near impossible for a single person to live alone unless they earn very good moneypaid their house off years ago.
honestly im autistic and take things very literally, especially text so thats prob what happened there. i absolutely feel for kurt. i would never be able to handle getting famous especially that quickly.
Regardless of your gender, confess you are a sinner, in need of a Savior-Jesus Christ, and repent. Theres no tips or tricks to becoming a child of the Most High God - get in His Word.
Trail and error I posted my process in comments uo top. Decarb at 220 in oven for about two hours or until Bubbles stop. Glass syringe suck it up shoot it in the pen. Dont fill hotter than 120 it will clog up if you do
Yeah, when I first started playing I just pulled for who I like seems it was fusion ladies and I randomly pulled Pheobe for her traversal skill in the 1.0 maps lol. Back then I didnt know how important it was to build around premium teams so I kind of have to use weird teams atm, hence why Im looking for advice on this thread. I played Zani in her companion quest, shes a character I like but I didnt really enjoy her playstyle that much tbh but Im not against picking her up and having a spectro team.
I honestly doubt they would outright reference IX dying to Zephyro like that, and in trailer we clearly see classic one side overpowering other, notice how welts black hole is smaller than Zephyros white hole in picture, looks more like defense from welts side, I personally dont think welt is equal to Zephyro honestly, this is gonna be same case like sirin, welt may find a way to hold Zephyro back using a plan or something, but I highly doubt he is able to take on zephyro in straight up fight considering zephyro is referred to as greatest threat in trailer
Trust me when I say, Ive been in your shoes. Being too nice to others and not receiving the same energy back can be mentally tiring and eventually will lead to fatigue both mentally and physically. I promise you that in forgiveness, there is mercy, and in mercy there is grace. We cant really say who is or who isnt deserving of said grace, because we too have received grace and mercy from someone without ever have realized it. And yes, youd be better off going no contact with them after Highschool by all means.
I lived with two girls who were both taller than me and I shared a shower with both of them. When the shower was badly positioned and sprayed me with water, you know what I did? I turned the water off and readjusted it. Like its literally that simple. Your fiancé literally stood there and watched a mess be made so he could punish you for something that was easily fixable. Like he literally left the shower on to come tattle to you, ABOUT YOU. Like he purposely left that shower on! He values being right and feeling right. Not honest and truth, because theres a correct way to get the truth across in an honest AND respectful way. He could have simply reminded you about the shower head after he finished showering, instead he decided to go on and create a mess and make you clean it up to prove his point. If he behaves like this consistently, why would you like him? Why would anyone? What hes doing is very annoying and makes him unlikable because hes going out of his way to blow a small situation out of proportion to prove a point as to why you are wrong and he isnt. Idk how people deal with folks like this, because if that was me, I wouldnt have cleaned the water since he let it mess up the floor instead of, I dont know, turning the shower off and adjusting it before getting in. Theres better ways of communicating and hes not doing it. Coming from someone whos very direct and blunt herself, but that doesnt mean being tactless and going out of my way to punish someone for something as small as the shower head.
When an object becomes massive enough, gravity causes it to crush itself under its own weight into a spherical shape. This is known as being in hydrostatic equilibrium. The smallest object in the solar system that has been confirmed to be in hydrostatic equilibrium is Rhea, the second largest moon of Saturn with a diameter of 1528km or 949 miles. There are other smaller spherical objects that have been rounded by their own gravity, but they arent quite in hydrostatic equilibrium. The smallest of which is Mimas, the seventh largest moon of Saturn with a diameter of only 396.4km or 246.3 miles. Anything smaller is able to structurally support itself from within so can have pretty much any shape.
Not that anyones going to let me put a sign in, but its the Epstein Ballroom with the President Donald John Trump and Melania Trump Throne Rooms in the back.