I cant help but wonder if Im doing anything wrong with that case. I have that case and the airflow situation from the front intake isnt any good. The HDDs at the front require higher static pressure fans to push air through the 11 hdd caddys. It says it has a mount for the optical drive, but no proper place to screw it in for support. The case has been with me for 3 years and now the front intake mesh has started to rust and crumble. Have they changed the quality or design in any way for it to be suggested over the other cases? PS I looked for the thread but I cannot find which one exactly youre talking about, the one where it was about someone asking for a case suggestion?
All honesty, someone on here posted a quote that makes Boomers make so much sense, and now I cant unsee it. Its not enough to win. Someone else has to lose.
First, the illegal invasion of Ukraine. The highest russian leadership, putin, denies Ukrainian nationhood. Deliberate targeting of civilians, proven by double tap attacks on first responders and drone footage. Using rape as a weapon against their own troops too, so have fun when you get sent. Kidnapping of Ukrainian children and russifying them in camps, the order to do which comes from russian leadership ICC wanted criminals putin and maria lvova-belova. Russia displays clear intent of genocide against Ukrainian people.
I dont think, but rather I know, because I paid attention in civics class, and because Ive paid attention throughout my life to our municipal governments, that the chief executive of a government has a great deal of authority over policy, and can play a major role in directing legislation. For that reason, if we want major reform, we have to elect an executive and a legislature who will work in tandem to implement the relevant reforms. Gee, I wonder whats about to happen on the Seattle and Bellevue ballots this coming week.
Double hoodwinked. The free refi is them baking costs into the rate. Dont fall for the gimmick go find someone who isnt selling shiny stuff and you can get 5.875-6 all day long.
Dont dread too hard. This is more like chronic illness now, that you will have to go through treatment but life will return to normal, albeit a little adjusted. I was 40 at diagnosis, with kids 13 and 8. I had a surgery, chemo last year, am now on double hormone blocker therapy and had another surgery corrective, so not strictly necessary. I ride my horse, do strength training, worked full time through, everything is almost normal, except my hair refuses to grow, haha. I gained weight last year, lost it all back to normal now. As much as it felt like the ground was slipping from under me, when I was diagnosed - I have now emerged on the other side. Wiser, if anything. You can do this. Dont let it consume more of your life than it has to. Being very fit helps you a lot, because you will recover from everything more smoothly
All the season 3 POIs and mythics, was such a fun season. Also had the best story of the season, or at least I enjoyed it the most. So many fun weapons this chapter too, especially this last season. Wrecker, Collateral Damage AR, minigun, air strikes, the Mortal Kombat mythics, all the crazy blasters in the Star Wars mini-season.
OP, please reply to the correct answer with solved! include the ! Additionally, use our Spotlight feature by tappingclicking on the three dots and selecting Spotlight, Pin this comment in order to highlight it for other members. Thanks for using our friendly Automod! I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subredditmessagecompose?to if you have any questions or concerns.
No, do not feel guilty for leaving him. You need to get a divorce. Making an AI generated nude of another girl not just any girl, but one he is best friends with who he also had a crush on at one point while being married is crazy. He generated that image for a reason, and its because hes sexually attracted to her. Your husband should only be sexually attracted to you. Leave him and dont look back.
As a freelancer, Yes. And when it comes to my money as an expat, i always keep track of my finances and taxes. It helps during tax fillings. Reduces dependency on an accountant as well. I do it- -Manually best in some way -With platforms or apps specific to a country free ones are available such as mint, gnucash, irs2go -In case of different currencies, use cross country platforms ones such as settel .io
No joke, I did a lot of calisthenics and could some cool stuff a while ago but my back and shoulders are not ok anymore. The pain is forever cry
Its hilarious to me that he thinks his life would be better if he was with a supermodel. Not only is he an asshole but hes also an idiot. Just leave him
Shes the voice in my head when I go to the store and cant find shit but its like FUCK THEM SIGNS! THAT BITCH RIGHT THERE KNOWS WHERE EVERY DAMN THING IS AND WE CAN GET THE FUCK OUT OF THIS GOD AWFUL HELL HOLE AND AWAY FROM ALL THESE FUCKING PEOPLE. Then I ask and theyre like Sir Im just a vendor, I dont actually work here. So I kick the ladder out from under them and throw their whole crate of fucking wonderbread on their stupid fucking face and steal their fuckin twinkies. Then I snap out of it and apologize to the grandma whos cart Im blocking because I thought the corner of the fucking building was well out of everyones way for me to have my inner tantrum. Wrong. Can someone explain to me please how I am ALWAYS in some-fucking-bodys way at the store? Wheres the safe spot for husbands and fathers to stand while their wife and kids raid the isle and bring back the loot?