Vermutlich war da irgendwo in einem Schrank oder so eine Strickleiter, die man wo einhängen kann um sich abzuseilen. Hab ne Zeit lang in einem sehr alten Haus mit ähnlicher Situation gewohnt und das ist tatsächlich der offizielle Rettungsweg dann...
Probably US centrism at play. We dont associate violence or gore with taboo in the same way we do a the suggestion that someone might have a nipple. Maybe its because we associate work with like, factory and blue collar jobs, where you might get maimed, but have a comparatively lower likelihood of seeing someones junk.
Watching the trial in person was great, but some parts, like the wire taps were really hard to hear. Judge Everette had to create an overflow room for Wendis testimony, but other days most every one got in. But be warned, the courtroom is freezing!
One thing is funny you wanted her to support you after she giving birth to a child. Shouldnt it be exact opposite? I also felt that all you want to fun like back quickly after childbirth. I mean six months is too soon considering hormonal havoc that pregnancy does to someone. And I also felt only she is a parent and you are not that involved. Is this the case? Someone said in the comments that there is lot of me me me. Even I felt so.
For the democrat, the essence of fascism is that it openly uses illegal violence and abolishes democratic rights and freedoms. And it is precisely against this that they whine so pitifully. For us there is neither reason to whine, nor to be satisfied with such a characterization. We have always denied that the class struggle could be refereed by an allegedly superior authority, like a football match we have always maintained that the working class cannot conquer political power democratically, that even the most democratic constitution serves to protect the capitalist form of production, that democracy masks the dictatorship of the bourgeoisie even when it is not like it has done so often drowning the labor movement in blood. Rejecting violence, invoking the legality of democracy, means renouncing the revolution from the outset! By contrast, we rejoice when the bourgeoisie throws off the velvet glove of democracy, openly shows the workers its iron fist and thus proves to them that there is no justice that stands above the classes that the law expresses nothing other than the balance of power of the classes. - International Communist Party
I would say having presented the work at a conference gives a lot of credibility to a manuscript in preparation claim. If you were too early, it would not have been presented yet. So consider also listing the conference abstract, even if it is just an abstract, as long as it is publicly available online, to support your claim and role on the article manuscripts.
Its looking rough, for a lot of teams. ATL getting carved up at home by MIA ?, CAR basically same by BUF, and now CHI down by 10 to BAL... If the NYJ get over CIN, it will be yet another weird weekend in the NFL.
Hey there! Id be interested to take this on! Ive worked as a comic artist for indie writers for over a year now and I absolutely love working this side of the industry!! Long time Manga buff here btw, I spent most of my time in high school collecting and reading manga. Ive always had deep appreciation for manga and I always try to learn and replicate the techniques You should know however that until now, Ive mostly worked with colour. Since Mangas are traditionally black and white, I dont mind going that route either. Have a look at my portfolio if you wanna take a closer look at my panelling, character designs, cover art and or full page spreads as well as action sequences Lemme know if you wanna chat! Until then heres my portfolio GOODLUCK !
Trop bien! Ton post est passé malgré nos règles que certains qualifient di'mpossibles à surmonter! Maintenant tu te mets bien et tu vois ce qui tombe! I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subredditmessagecompose?to if you have any questions or concerns.
PLEASE READ! 1. Make sure your post follows ALL rules and DOES NOT break any of the PERMANENT BAN rules. 2. Make sure your post is using the correct Post Flair or else it will be removed until you edit and fix it. 3. All Social Media Accounts such as Session IDs, Telegram IDs, Teleguard IDs, and Discord Usernames must be placed in the Comments Section or Body Text only, NOT in the title. I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subredditmessagecompose?to if you have any questions or concerns.
Whats your incoming voltage from the grid? If youre seeing over-voltage on one or both legs thats pretty concerning. The max you should see is - 5 per leg, so between 114V and 126V per 120V leg.
I think she actually knows that shes not perfect but has created this social image as a shield, even tho were clearly seeing through. And youre pointing a very interesting thing as well when does Mary has really been held accoutable for saying horrible things to the cast? Since shes not responding in a super herratic way like Lisa, the cast seems to let it go because theres nothing to milk. It looks a bit hypocretical
i do not think its weird to be happy about being recognized as fem even if jokingly! i would definitely recommend trying to look for more accepting friends though, theyll respect you for who you are and make you feel safe to be open around them!
Stealth killing Shoreline guards on their own turf felt pretty cold blooded to me. That Scotland archeology site was legally permitted by them. I would think taking preempted measures against a violent drug lord who had threatened family ranks much higher in justification. Especially for a man with a 4 digit kill count.
the more you ride, the more it gonna tear off on the sides all over the place. thats normal, and not worth to think about it. As long as base is good, and wood is not craced, you are good
He looks good now by comparison to himself in S1 of SLOMW! laugh He legit looked like a poor-mans Gary Busey. He is an unfortunate looking person no matter what.