He doesnt seem to have any offense other than shooting threes. Every once in a while he tries to dribble a few times like he might attack, clearly has no ability to get by his man, then passes it
not really but most people, not just women, just dont go around thinking of statistics on their mind. emotions and feeling are much more likely to rule our decision weither good or bad.
Im a flex player. I dont preselect anyone because people will absolutely ban the character I preselect after I try banning Jeff, which would mean theyre actually wasting a ban since I have 9 Lord characters Ive been regularly using for competitive and many others I can play on the same level as well. I have at least one Jeff in the majority of my matches though and I have many reasons why Id not want to deal with players selecting him.
Well obviously. Water cant rush into compartments above water. It can burn but youre not going to be changing the displacement of the carrier by blowing up something above the waterline. Feel like if modified zebra is set underway properly and you have a decent crew to set full zebra if something was happening it would be pretty hard to actually sink a carrier.
Click here to message OP The comments on all posts are now locked due to spam, selling, and PM me comments. We do not lock the comments on posts with the Meta tag, so if you want to make a post discussing the state of the subreddit please post with the Meta tag. Example Meta Can we please lock the comments? I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subredditmessagecompose?to if you have any questions or concerns.
The condition says within 1year so I assume Im not liable to pay them anything after that, I havent signed the contract so its best maybe to renegotiate these conditions
Going to take a shot in the dark in a knife that wouldve been still quite popular, would fit your description I believe, and be in the price range you describe
Come here motivator. School circle real quick and look me in the eye, and give me as honest as an answer as you can give me. From a Marine to a future Marine, tell me. Why do you think its a good idea to participate in a 3 month long training cycle, of one of the most difficult, physically straining and mentally draining professional military basic training courses in the US military, if you dont meet the bare minimum basic physical requirements?
FFS sorry to hear that GME has been targeted for the next rug pull by the lamest douchebags in the world. Every sub is bombed with bot posts about how cool felon, dump, and kfc jr are... you know its gonna be the grift of a lifetime, again.
What frustrates me is that Hugh Jackman is a BROADWAY STAR. shocked He couldve sounded good if he hadnt been pushed to hit notes way outside his range and kept working while dehydrated for days. I get that they wanted a big-name actor with film experience, but since theyd already picked Jackman, they really shouldnt have put him in the wrong vocal spot like that.
post was removed for being way too long. Please put the question in the title and use the body to give context if necessary. Keep it succint. Dont post your life story, dont post a wall of text, dont post a novel. Current character limit is 300 characters. Do feel free to repost within the guidlines given above. I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subredditmessagecompose?to if you have any questions or concerns.
So, I didnt make up the term module fragment. I just got the concepts mixed up. Module fragments actually refer to vertical sections of the module within the same file e.g. the global fragment where you can do includes and other preprocessor things. So, you were right to identify that. I dont want to confuse others with my word salad.