im 37 and looking to go law enforcement in florida, but mind you im prior military and currently a CO in florida so im pretty well equipped for the job to say the least
As someone who owns a shining charizard with a similar holo shift to yours, it will add a little value to the right collector, but it isnt as big of a premium as most errors on such valuable cards because its not super uncommon. It might pull an extra 10-20 with the right buyer, but expect it to just be worth the same as one without the holo shift if you want a quick sale
I have been having a blast too. When I first got to endgame I had saved up 2 div. Was having some bourbon blasting my way thru tiers of maps. Wanted to upgrade my gloves, so for the first time using the instant market, I travel to the sellers hideout. Click on Ange so excited and having so much funalso a lil drunk.. Click on the gloves I want as well as a second pair right next to it and spent both my divs. All I could do was laugh, good times!
Concordo com vc, o melhor julgamento não deve considerar a idade e sim as atitudes da pessoa. Mas eu particularmente considero uma redflag quando o cara é mais velho e só se interessa por novinhas. Qual sua língua natural?
That no call left a bad taste in my mouth, but that was a really fun game otherwise. Were having some historically bad luck right now.. no more injuries please! GG, til the finals!
To be blunt, I have a feeling its gonna be a while given theyre pulling the Splatfest repeats again. At the earliest, itll be a Fall 2026 title, at the latest, itll be a 2027 title.
Have you asked your clinic about their stats? Theyre probably much higher than youre imagining. Most people arent going to go out of their way to post success stories here because that feels tone deaf given most engaging are still trying.
What safety razor would you recommend or do they not matter since blade does because i am tight on money and internet being internet i can only find people recommending pricey things
IWNDWYT - Day 0 - Alcohol and Caffeine Just drank two 8 24oz tallboys in one hour for no goddamn reason at all. Earlier today I made a sorry ass excuse to drive to my local Kwik Trip just to grab them. I havent made it past 5 days in about 2 months but here we go again. Wife just told me I needed to stop and that she knows who my father is and the pain it caused in my family. Shes never flat out said anything to that extent before. Usually just a few playful jabs here and there. Back when I would drink it was never a problem. Usually only once or twice a week two to three drinks at a time from age 21 till now age 33 and now Im drinking 6 times a week six to eight drinks at a time and hiding it from my wife either in my shaker cup or in the car and its all I can think of after work ends. My dad is an alcoholic and his marriage ended with my mom because of this. I have a 2-year old as well as two incredible step-kids at home and I want to be better for them. I also want to get my body back, I was a D2 athlete turned bodybuilder and I feel like Ive lost it all in 12ish months by drinking excessively and not giving a shit. I used to care so much about my hobbies like reading, video games and movieTV show online reviews and analysis but now theyve taken a backseat to my drinking and I hate it. Just did the math and Im spending 40-50 a week just on drinks. Lets not forget about the god awful sleep which is making everything worse and more difficult. Im done and Im engraving it in stone here on Reddit. Heres to the future!!!
Hey Theyre petty and try to rage bait you. Youre doing a great job not giving them the satisfaction and remaining calm. Im sorry the police and the legal case didnt go your way, but you did everything right rape kit and reporting it, theres nothing more you couldve done. Dont blame yourself and overthink what you couldve done better, you were brave and should be proud of it regardless of what courts or anyone says. There is a double standard sexually and women often get blamed and shamed even as victims, sorry you have to experience it, Its why many chose to shut up and at least not get judged if they dont get justice anyway, which is unfortunate. Keep your head up high regardless of what anyone says, family or not. You did nothing wrong and you deserved more justice. Proud of you
Inas own pendant IG, I want it now. PSA dont forget to equip Adaptability so you wont take environmental damage while fighting Nu Udra. However if your using Nu Udra armor to beat Nu Udra then dont take Adaptability.
Part 2 of 2 So for me what is God? All the divine qualities of being and consciousness that get summed up in the words Love and Compassion and Humility and Kindness. And thus as we begin to embody and express those divine qualities, we give expression to the kingdom of God in the world. Everyone who loves has been born of God and knows Godfor God is Love. 1 John 47-8
Yes, but at the same time OpenAI hasnt exactly been ethical in building AI and if they think they could get away with using your data to train they might. This goes for all AI providers too but yes, the lawsuit payouts would be the only thing really preventing it.
Im not saying be happy and put a smile on your face, Im coming at those that are calling for heads to roll this early into the new regime. Give me a fucking break joy Im all for being upset and wanting things fixed, but Im also not saying trade Terry, Fire AP and fire DQ. This aint our year, lets get this ship corrected and hope for a better year next year. Ill still cheer every damn Sunday and pray for a miracle playoff berth until then though.
Your post has been removed Rule 11 No contentious or low-effort selfposts Hot-takes or contentious questions designed to provoke ire should not be posted. Serious and controversial topics should be discussed civilly respectfully. Low effort questions such as where should I go visit or should I move to nz will be removed. --- Click here to message the moderators if you think this was in error
and yes, i totally agree about it not being safe due to the declawing. hes been living outside like that for 7 years but it still worries me. i just want to make sure im not causing him harm by keeping him inside lol.