Is it legal to have a garage full of tires? Is that dangerous during a fire? Should the fire marshal know, if nothing else so firefighters will know what hazards might exist during a fire?
Yeah, you already know its bad for lungs, heart, cancer all that. The fact you want to quit says a lot. Its not about knowing its harmful anymore its abt finding what help you actually stop..take small steps, less access and staying strong when the urge hits.
Yup, shittiest nails ever. Paper thin, break and flake. My thumbs are very bumpy and will split at the start of the nail bed or if the bumps get really bad they split horizontally. Nothing has really helped but I put on a strengthener to close every up shrug
I just finished the triumph, guilded and everything.. and where the fuck is it?! I was grinding all weekend to get this god damn thing. This is the only thing I wanted out of this event. I know it seems like such a small thing, but I was not able to get it in past years. Dealt with all their shit lately and have had high hopes but this finally pissed me off. Lol.
Hajde, vidim da ima nade za tebe pa da pokušam još jednostavnije. Ovo što navodiš. Koliko kvadrata možeš prije a koliko sada u biti vrijedi isključivo ako kupuješ za gotovinu. U tom slučaju nema spora i potpuno si u pravu. Problem leži u tome što ne sagledavaš sve parametre kod uzimanja i isplate kredita. A to je u biti i srž cijelog problema sa kreditima u švicarcima. Iako danas stan nominalno košta više to ne znači da on više košta i realno kada uključiš sve parametre. Da ne spominjem još i da su danas rizici daleko manji. Gledam iz perspektive mog kredita koji sam ti naveo pa da se ne ponavljam.
Welcome to rJerkOffOnCam! Stay safe 18 Dont share personal info, use anonymousencrypted accounts, avoid facetattoosidentifiers, set boundaries, and stop if pressured. Helpful links Browse or create a Safe Sexting Bot set up a private bot for safer, anonymous sexting. StopSextortion.com guidance and resources if youre threatened or blackmailed. Related subs 18 Please follow all rules and local laws. Note These resources are shared by users we cant independently verify every link. I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subredditmessagecompose?to if you have any questions or concerns.
Today was a real Dig deep and find something kind of performance. Yes, we needed a set-piece, but make no mistake, this is a team thats addicted to winning and keeping a clean sheet. If we have to shithouse our way to a league title then so be it, but we need to take pleasure in these kinds of wins. Crystal Palace are no pushovers and they were very stubborn defensively and we just beat them while giving no quarter of our own. Theres a lot to take from that. 4 points at the top, 6 clear of City and 7 clear of Liverpool will do me nicely. We need to be on it against Burnley for sure. Brighton will be tough too, but I have confidence that Arteta will go more full-strength than people think.
Merhaba! Lütfen sorunuzun subredditimizin konusuyla uyumlu olduğundan emin olun. Sorunuzu sormadan önce subredditte veya arama motorlarında arama yapmanızı öneririz. Ayrıca, sorunuzun açık ve anlaşılır bir dille, düzgün formatlanmış bir şekilde yazılması önemlidir. Subreddit kurallarına uymayan gönderiler kaldırılır. Sorunuz subreddit konusuna tam olarak uymuyorsa, rAskTurkey subredditini deneyebilirsiniz. __ Hi there! Please make sure that your question is relevant to the topic of our subreddit. We recommend searching the subreddit or using search engines before asking your question. Additionally, it is important to write your question clearly, in a well-formatted manner. Posts that do not comply with subreddit rules will be removed. If your question doesnt fully match the subreddit topic, you can try rAskTurkey. I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subredditmessagecompose?to if you have any questions or concerns.
Your post has been removed because You have low post karma andor You have low comment karma NOT THE SAME AS POST KARMA. LOOK IT UP ON GOOGLE andor Your account is too new We will NOT disclose the exact account age or karma number needed to post they are relatively easy to achieve though. YOU MUST MEET ALL THE ABOVE REQUIREMENTS TO POSTCOMMENT comment karma, post karma, and age requirement. PLEASE READ for more information I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subredditmessagecompose?to if you have any questions or concerns.
Lots of people who are out and have been out for years, without being guys who are a lot older than you are might be a better bet for you. As youre just coming out Id think youd want someones perspective whos come out over the last 3 - 5 years. Are you basing your thing for older guys just on their experience to guide you or are you genuinely attracted to them.
what are you talking about ..Gk and HM didnt know they will be nominated ..why are you guessing stuff lmaoo .its bigboss who gets pissed after they save him .even even GK fights for your favs yall make it seem like its conspiracy
For all the ketchup users, that need to have ketchup on everything. Can you just eat ketchup by it self? I would like you to try. Ketchup is used for bad food so why would they eat bad food all the time?
Thank you and so true. Right now being homeless is my main concern but the grief is horrible I just dont know how to go on. Im trying to just think about one day at a time until it gets better some how