Mucho se puede decir desde un punto de vista externo y general. Por ejemplo la forma en que ciertos grupos de poblaciones Judías hiper ricas habían generado préstamos en Alemania, que si se asociaban en general con políticos horrendos y gente tacaña, desagradable, hermética y muy mezquina con gente no judía, como hoy en día sucede Pero en general es más cosa de su visión muy... personal... Y eso la única forma de conocerlo es leer la de mi lucha de Adolph Hitler.
Well apparently you didnt read the Wikipedia article very closely because if you had you would see that medical euthanasia was responsible for 4.7 of all deaths in Canada in 2023 Which is the last year we have public record for. In fact, if you go to the source for the Wikipedia article, they do indeed disclosed the numbers 2000 for 2023 on how many people will reject heed in how many requests were withdrawn Fifth Annual Report on Medical Assistance in Dying in Canada, 2023 - Canada.ca If you do get into it There were 19660 requests for using maid in 2023 15,344 people used the maid program 915 were rejected for Not meeting the legal standard, 496 were withdrawn by the participant and 2, 906 died before the procedure could be performed. This puts the acceptance rate closer to 93 rather than 1. Again, this is public record primarily because it is being used in ongoing litigation. In conclusion, 4.7 of all deaths in Canada for the year is quite a bit more than a few people and the rejection rate is much lower than you seem to think it is And talking people out of it is even lower. Not quite check mate
Hard to tell. I believe itll be at 45 within 3 months but Im holding calls for a quick move this week for a breakout to 27-28. Thinking itll hit 28 next week the latest
Sure thing feel free to send me a DM and we can organise it there. Haha, its not so bad as I had those both on Orserks, which have a 100 chance to pass a breeding-only skill if kept at level 1. Orserk Lamball Chillet with 100 chance to inherit whatever skill youre passing like
Listen here all you old timers, LOL now that I have your attention, do yourself a favor and listen to DRAIN. There a band from Santa cruz CA, but they seriously FUCKING rock. They even wear PanteraMetallica shirts, so they know what food music is. Songs id suggest are good good things watch you burn living proof feel the pressure California cursed those are all fuckin sick ass songs- whoever is reading this, u obviously have some time on ur hands so do urself a favor and listen to a couple songs theyll surprise the shit out of you. I used to think still do mostly that good rock music is and was just a thing of the past. That no one from this era, even comes close to rock n roll from back in the day. But Im telling you, theyre the bestclosest youll get to the badass shit we all know n love. NOW, Ill answer your question, lol - METALLICA, ALICE IN CHAINSLayne Stanley only, Iron maiden, Megadeath, pink Floyd, led Zeppelin, Credence Clearwater, one or two Tesla songs, Van Halen, motley Crue, sex pistols, misfits, social distortion, pennywise, and I fucking love old school gangster rap 80-90s and most but definitely not all rap from today. LAST BUT NOT LEAST UICIDEBOYS- G59 TILL I FUCKING DIE
I had the exact same problem with my Daith piercing- it would sit more forwards then in my ear. My piercer told me this would happen as I got it pierced very shallow. My piercer also told me to get a fabric bandaid and cut little strips and stick it down every night. I did it for a week and it worked fine and I havent had anymore problems. I just taped the top of the earring to kinda like where youd get a rook or flat?
Hi! Heres a reminder of the rules. Dont break them I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subredditmessagecompose?to if you have any questions or concerns.
Dont hate me for this, but the one thing I dont see is a way to safely use AI and automation in my work. I believe Microsoft is working on this work Copilot for Windows etc. In fact just forget AI, give me a desktop automation tool that lets me orchestrate apps and perform tasks. Later make it optional to connect AI. Agentic AI for the desktop? It has a nice ring to it but maybe oxymoronic. So yeah there are areas on innovation not happening on Linux.
Your post was removed because there is simply not enough information provided for anyone to provide you with a useful answer. Before you post again, please check that youve provided us with a concise problem description in the title and not just please help!, so the right experts will open and read your post. Perhaps have a look at our Asking for help quick guide which provides guidance as to what to include and how to do so. This makes it easier for people who want to help you to be able to do so. In your post text, make sure youve given us all the information you have access to. More is better. Include your entire hardware layout, every component youre using, the circuit layout not a photo or video of wires, your computer code make sure you format it properly - NO SCREENSHOTS OF CODE, and describe what you thought would happen, and what actually happened. Include any error messages as well. You are encouraged to include a photo of your circuit andor a video of your project if it provides additional information, but these are strictly in addition to, not in place of a proper circuit diagram and code in a formatted code block. If you need more help please check the Sidebar for more information.
Indifferent. I wouldnt mind having a single ID thats verified. Every job I go to now I have to create a new account with, upload my passport and driving licence, last payslips if I can find them, wait for them to find something Ive not uploaded or done. Its a bit of a faff. However, it cant digitally exclude those who dont have the means to use a digital ID. Those worried about your data being sold on, your data is already tracked and sold by private companies anyway
Yes but those meek tall guys are still visibly dangerous and thus imposing. Ill add, I have a friend that is 68 300lbs and is the nicest most gentle person youd meet, but I watched someone egregiously cross a line with him and fully underestimate his size. Up until that day I had never seen someone lift a person off the ground by their jacket with one arm and punch them in the face with the other
If you have or want a friendly relationship with your roommate, then yeah, you might be overreacting. You can let the know, sweetly, that you were hurt and give them a chance to make things right and if kindness doesnt work, and behavior persists, there are more issues than just the houseguest.
The reason it shouldnt be changed is because theres no reason for the change. The current rules are easy to understand and simple. They dont require a lot of odd outliers just to justify a likely minor change. Why not make phrexian mana not count? Or symbols in a cards text? Its odd that a hybrid costed card can be in a monocolor deck, but a commander with that same hybrid cost would somehow not be monocolor? Also, typically the onus is on the people proposing a change to justify why its necessary, not the other way around? It just strikes me as odd why with so many actual issues with the format theyre instead focusing on trying to change one of the fundamental rules that has basically existed forever in the format.
Pentax prime lens are severely underrated imo...a lot of them look amazing. Plus I have found using prime lens as a beginner helped a ton to force you to be closer and more intimate with the subject. I forgot who said this. If your photographs arent good enough, you arent close enough. Dont just zoom, be out there with whatever you are photographing.