No but this seems comfy and enjoyable, chilling in ur car during the rain and thunder in a parking lot while warm and the windows a bit cracked. Reading star wars on a kindle was like thjs
At 30 I bought my first house and got married and it was hard. At 50 I look back at my 20s and regret pissing my life away for a decade.
Scott playing the 2 shocked . Looks good in limited minutes. Need big time development from Teng Devine. Ford disappeared after 1 made three. Coen been largely ineffective. Kholer not much on offense. Cooper been good solely created by fears
He has a hobby. Video games. If you want to share hobbies with the person youre dating, this guy aint it. Hobbies is one of the things I sort for when looking for a man. Cause I want us to do certain things together. Doesnt have to be everything. But a few at least.
Hello, uisayellowpear. This transaction has been recorded and flairs have been updated. Thank you! --- udeedee0323 - 105 Swaps Labubu Legend All Payment Types uisayellowpear - 7 Swaps Labubu Novice --- Buy the developer a coffee or support this project monthly
Reviewers are short on time, and here for quick surface level impressions on their way to their next piece. BG3 Makes its impact very front loaded. its got a very simple story structure and its branches are twigs. Its a great game for the target audience of people new to crpgs. it even uses 5e the system for people whove never touched a ttrpg before and dont know better. while it has lots of flaws they come out near the end of the game and these people dont play a second time, so things like the lack of real build diversity, poor balance or the rather linear narrative arent important to them. Pathfinders very backloaded, it doesnt have flashy graphics and cinematics nor does it directly show you the story if you arent paying attention. its a game that grows in value with time and effort invested. something you wont find from reviewers. its more lopsided. It goes in on giving you the core values of the CRPG genre but doesnt have the effort left over to give you general marketing appeal.
I dont think there will be a new ship. Getting rid of the Merry was to facilitate Franky joining the crew and them having a ship with a relationship to a crew member that was more established than Usopps tangential association to the Merry through Kaya who has had nothing to do with the story since before the Grand Line. The Merry was cool but it doesnt have the same layers of personality that the Sunny does. Or the capacity for development by carrying its own shipwright. They wont need another ship because Franky can just supe up the Sunny in any way they may need. This is further supported by the fact that it was specifically stated Sunnys keel was made out of nearly indestructible Adam Wood which was an implicit promise this ship is going to stick around forever and wont suffer the same fate as Merry.
While devils can form as many contracts as they want they probably cant form contracts that nullify other contracts. Pochitas contract that specifies that he becomes Denjis heart means he literally only works for Denji as his heart and hearts cant just go around doing whatever they please. Which brings up an interesting inconsistency here, why could Yoru contract with the California governor? It likely means shes not contractually obligated to stay as Asas half brain. Which would mean that killing Asa as of now doesnt really kill off the War devil.
Oxygen generators for a medical reason that they required more O2 or is this something else? Like they needed the O2 for their illness and were going without because they didnt have power?
95 of the time my daughter is so awesome to be with. But the boundaries keep it that way. We got off pretty light with the 2 year old meltdowns because she realized it wasnt getting her what she wanted. We always emphasized words. So now she uses her words and quite often gets what she wants for asking instead of demanding.
That drum machine thingcannot remember the name of it in the top right corner is going for insane money right now. Go check the prices on Reverb.com, if you can find anybut really, all of those are worth some good coin.
Yes, Id also say look at deal announcements, they usually present a one sentence pitch of the book. If you dont have PM subscription, a lot of authors, esp. debuts, post their deal announcements on social media, so you can see the phrasing. You can also see there are 2 kinds of these, either a descriptive one sentence a la people stuck in a snowed-in hotel must discover whos the murderer picking them 1 by 1 or a comp sentence Jurassic Park meets Rambo or a variation thereof. You dont need both - just whichever is stronger.
I tried the nuggets only one time out of curiosity. They were okay, edible, but nothing spectacular and if I want nuggets Ill go somewhere more dedicated to that like McDs or Wendys or something. These strips in your picture actually look smaller than the nuggets I had too lmfao what the hell T bell.
Meta Sticky Comment Rule 2 does not apply when replying to this stickied comment. Rule 2 does apply throughout the rest of this thread. What this means Please keep any meta discussion directed at specific users, mods, or in general in this comment chain only. I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subredditmessagecompose?to if you have any questions or concerns.
Travel Speed scales to Combat Speed 99 of the time but Combat Speed doesnt scale to Travel Speed unless proved otherwise Yeah still got hit by a sound wave in the same fight
making an account called and messaging a girl i knew from another account who i was aware was gullible. I messaged her saying i was an Admin and that i was giving away free year vip, that i just needed her password. The moment i got in i changed the password and raided everything i could LOL and she got it back eventually but i gifted her rares to myself etc
Theres no shortage of people going on and on about how much God loves me. Just words. When I reached out and this happened many times on my knees, in tears, begging for God to help me find a way to love and trust him, and to not be terrified beyond words about the afterlife heaven or hell, his response was nothing. Absolutely nothing. Every time. Ill give him this much Hes consistent.
100! Something else I noticed throughout the seasons, while so many of the girls regressed which is completely understandable given the abusive environment and lack of proper classestraining as the seasons went on, Nia actually improved in my opinion. Can you imagine if she was given the same time, opportunities and choreography as same of the other girls? Nia was never the weak link, she was just rarely given the chance to show her true talent and potential.
Its been some time since Ive watched it, but my understanding was that the red matter would end up creating a black hole right? So the idea I think is that instead of the star exploding, it would be sucked into the black hole and buy a little time.
Its both salaries but also persisting with players well past their sell by date. Teams are likely to take a gamble on someone who had one bad year, 3 bad years in a row though and its going to be difficult to find buyers who arent hoping for a bargain deal.