Thank you for your comment, utaengoo4life. Your description has been copied below. --- MODEL Seiko SKX023 PRICE 220 OVERVIEW Up for sale is my very good condition Seiko mid size diver SKX023. EXTERIOR Would rate an 8.810 and in very good condition. Watch has minimal marks on the case and caseback. The watch has a steel case on aftermarket Seiko steel jubilee bracelet. Hardlex crystal and all other parts are clean. Some patinaimperfections on the dial and hands but only visible if watch is tilted at an angle and under harsh lighting. FUNCTIONALITY All functions working well Crispy bi-directional rotating Bezel, Crown, day-date wheel, and timekeeping within standards. INCLUSIONS Watch on aftermarket bracelet and Seiko box only. SHIPPING Will use Fedex Priority Shipping, watch will be shipped from the Philippines. Normal shipping time is 3-5 days globally. FOR USA BUYERS Shipping time MAY take longer due to the recent closure of the De Minimis Exception and local package backlogs. I will gladly work with the buyer on any dutiestariffs involved and I will process all customs documentation. Have extensive experience going through US CBP. PAYMENT Paypal ff or gs Buyer shoulders international transfer fee of 4.5, Wise, Direct to bank, or crypto via USDC. ADDITIONAL PICS Timestamp SOLD as is with no personal warranty from me and I will not accept returnsrefunds unless for an undeclared issue on my end. I will answer all your questions and can send videos of everything for your peace of mind. Fire away with all questions. --- I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subredditmessagecompose?to if you have any questions or concerns.
I tried burning one once in a bonfire and it smelled kinda weird, so that was a red flag for me about what might actually be in them. So yeah, just because its labeled compostable or biodegradable doesnt always mean safe to burn or chuck anywhere.
Before responding to this post, please note that participation in this subreddit is reserved exclusively for actual residents of Japan. If you are not currently residing in Japan including former residents, individuals awaiting residency, or periodic visitors, please refrain from commenting. I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subredditmessagecompose?to if you have any questions or concerns.
Thank you for posting, beloved! sparkle Word on the street is that we keep things classy yet shady here. If you spot any rule-breaking or messy behavior, hit that report button faster than the Grand Dame exits a feud. Lets keep it on this side of the fence, shall we? I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subredditmessagecompose?to if you have any questions or concerns.
Pre-COVID, we had a ton of flexibility in when we worked come and go as you please, even if we didnt have much WFH. Then it got very flexible and people built their lives around that. They chose jobs, had kids, and planned dual-income families assuming that flexibility would last. Im not the op but in my situation, my team is being forced onto a strict, rotating schedule. One week Im in MTW, the next its WThF. Its a nightmare for trying to balance schedules with a wife and kids. I cant even go in on an off day if I wanted to, no desks. The worst part is that theyre enforcing different rules for different teams for no good reason, and they gave us almost no time to find childcare. I still feel lucky Im not in a job like manual labor where flexibility isnt even a word. But the way this was handled is beyond frustrating. Overall, the situation is not worse but the sudden changes are unexpected and difficult to deal with.
In other words, the car found a ground connection but not through the heavy gauge wire connecting the battery to the cars body. Instead, it found ground via a smaller gauge wire and fried it.
Our cat was dying of cancer at the beginning of this year. It sounds horrible to say this but at-home euthanasia was one of the best things Ive ever paid for and Im grateful every day we made that choice. Im not one to use fluffy euphemisms to describe events like death. It sucks no matter what. That being said, having it happen at home is generally the least bad option. Our cat hated going to the vets but was generally cool with individual strangers in the house so that was a bit different from your situation. Selfishly, my husband and I feel like well negatively associate whatever part of our small condo we choose to do this in with her death. Our cat died in our living room. I have zero negative associations with it. On the contrary I get some grim comfort from knowing we did the best thing we could for her when her life was ending. I am so glad we spared her one final car ride.
There are a LOT of folks micro dosing 110 of a starting dose. And even if you dont have appetite suppression, its a place to start! Increase slowly only and only if needed and make the medication work for you and your body. For some people, less is more. There is a micro dosing sub as well.
The first profitable quarter for Tesla was 2013 q1 and the first profitable year was 2020. Not sure whats the 17 years came from lol Lets see when will this lucid will turn profit, if ever lol
Theyre rude to other people for little to no reason, especially if theyre laughingsmiling while they do so. Not quite as bad, but when theyre narrow minded, ignorant, or dont have tact when faced with someone different from them in some way, for instance, a religious person whod ask an atheist tacky questions like if theyre scared of going to hell, or even just something like someone not drinking. Ive had a few people who didnt take me being sober very well, and I dont think they were raised right some tried to pressure me to try it and shit lol.
Jup Gastro ist es. Außenbeleuchtung war auch am Anfang mein Verdacht, aber die einzige Möglichkeit dafür wäre auf der gegenüberliegenden Seite des Hauses, dementsprechend würde ich das eher ausschließen. Aber danke dir!
I just use the clue app. Its easy enough to just put it in there and then forget about it again for a month. But as far as tracking ovulation and all these phases i wouldnt even know where to begin.
Yeah i had prob 5 or 6 RC10s, a Tamiya Blackfoot, a JRx2 that was given to me in pieces that I never quite got back together and a dragster that I was scratch building out of automotive brake line. Maybe some others but thats what I remember. Not to mention all the radios and electronics and tools
omg thank you!! and men are super hot these ppl dont know what theyre talking about the traits taking T gives a person are super cool and hot and always will be
You must be a Verified user on in order to post R4R. Please review the verification rules to submit R4R posts. I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subredditmessagecompose?to if you have any questions or concerns.
Your commentpost has been removed for being political. rAskIndianFeminists is where we should discuss feminism and feminism-related topics. Political remarks, party advertisements, or election politics are not permitted here because they set discussions off track and divert attention away from feminism. Your contributions should be related to feminist viewpoints.
Does it have to be historically accurate though? I would have that expectation if the story itself claimed that it is. But most OIs are fantasyfictional, so in this regard, I really dont expect historical accuracy. Id even say that demanding it is unwarranted.
As you play more, you learn what you like as well as appreciating the smaller things. Thats why I paid for a stingray special vs a sterling for example. The weight, the pickups and their tone, the fit and finish, it all leads to increased playability and an increasing relationship with the instrument.
I recently bought a combo tire inflatorflashlightphone charger device at Costco, one for me and one for my spouse. I may do that for my mom and sister as well. They also have car jumper devices there. Wool blanket Pendleton Physical media like records or CDs Candles Membership to AAA, club store like Costco, a class theyd like Camping gear if they camp Case of batteries in assorted sizes good if they have little kids with battery-powered toys Small fire resistant safe briefcase size for their personal docs Put together a blackout kit headlamps, batteries, candles, radio, a sick kit Band-Aids, canned soup, pain relievers, a car kit jumper cables, map, blanket, travelplane kit phone charger, pashmina, earplugs and eye mask, money for a passport if they dont already have one
Throwing in Amanda Hale as Margaret Beaufort in the White Queen, although its not listed here. Her character was written to be about as accurate as the rest of the show, which of course is not very accurate at all, but I thoroughly enjoyed her performance - she was honestly hilarious, she acted so intensely and fanatically. I loved her!