Not the best idea. I did the math - if that thing was invested in the SP 500 using the Compound Annual Growth Rate CAGR of 11.46, it would be 74,115.39 today. As a rule of thumb, dont hold onto bills.
Q1. Someone I know has gone from average Joe to a billionaire in less than 10 years and it doesnt look like hes slowing down. I was thinking when is it enough and you decide to stop trying to make more money and just enjoy it. I known you would still need a purpose in life still,so perhaps his purpose is getting richer and richer and thats what hell always keep going. But money isnt everything. When I lost my job a few years back my GF 45 and I 50 decided we would forgo the 70k i would be earning so could focus on our passion which is our rural property. Can you identify with his situation and comment? Q2. The way i know him is that a mutual friend asked me to meet him and give him some guidance on how he can make a business he was starting successful. I spent a couple of hours with him and suggested he run things in a very differently than he planned. Gave him some advice about the best way to market hos business and ways to get around some barriers. He obviously evolved those suggestions tremendously, but its the ideas I gave him that are the reason the business became what it is. I would never ask to be remunerated for what I did. But Ill admit its not great thinking about his dozen or so supercars and millionaire lifestyle knowing he used my ideas to get it. Im not pissed off or anything, I gladly gave him some advice free of charge no strings attached. BUT the model is now being copied by a heaps of businesses and Ive got an opportunity to perhaps roll out a non completing version myself. My question is, would it be reasonable to get in touch with him and ask for what I gave him, a couple of hours of his time in the hope he can help fast track our success? Ie. Is a billionaires two hours not equivalent to the two hours I gave him 9 years ago? Sorry that was way longer than I expected.. I should have got your answer to the second question first.
Just tell the truth. You dont want to have any hard questions or comments that will hurt your feelings. This is a pattern of behavior for the city council. They try to block out any view point that is counter to their own.
Also, countries. These are rouge jihadists in the sahel and west Africa who have been trying to create a caliphate since the early 2010s they have been doing this you have stories from many Christians and traditionalist in these areas having to flee cause of massacres and sharia. This is an extremist problem, not an Americanisreal problem.
and 8 turnovers with a literal 0 plus minus. it was sloppy but ill wave it off with the third stringers and the ball literally bouncing off the back of vandos head bigger issue for me so far this season is ayton in the paint. he almost always brings the ball down, catch and go up with it big fella
Im not missing your point I just dont agree. Having a bigger fandom doesnt make it more unique, it makes it more popular. And there are loads of fandom that combine all of this, at last to the degree worm is unique. I mean do you count every popular web novel in this group too?
i think she might be a girl, she doesnt exactly have that super bright mask that boys tend to have. Im not 100 certain but it feels right if shes a year old. Are these photos from a week ago?
I just bought a few, because I am a fan of umbrellas from Fulton. Their website looks a bit sus, but they came through! Lots of different types to choose from and they are holding up well so far!
I think the big N logo would only look proportionately better on sizes that are on the larger range of those that use the smaller N so basically like 88.5. Anything smaller than 88.5, Id say the small N logo looks better and more proportionate. I wear a 7.58, and Im sure 7.5 would look okay with the big N logo too, but I also have a couple pairs in size 7, and when you start getting down to 25 cm or shorter for those smaller sizes, the big N logos would start to look massive and disproportionate for a 992. This discussion and my perspective also applies to the 993.
Yes. This is a problem now so pervasive in society that its starting to create very serious second order problems. Basically we just need to make sure that we stop creating systems where there are multi-milllion dollar incentives available for ignoring rules regs, and re-direct the course of culture that currently embraces the idea that rules regs lie on a spectrum from a corrupt conspiracy to a stupid inconvenience.
Every account is assigned a Contributor Quality Score CQS of highest, high, moderate, low, or lowest. Your current CQS is LOW. I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subredditmessagecompose?to if you have any questions or concerns.
Oh, in addition, he recently bought a Strix Halo laptop and he said its better than any mobile Intel available. That is, just Strix Halo architecture. Zen 5 arch is the same or might be worse than the Arrow Lake arch
Yo i have the same problem rn how did you solve that or the only option is to re apply for it cus no way Ill be able to go to rto again since its way too far
I have very much tried. He doesnt even react. He doesnt fight about it he listens to what I have to say with a blank expression and then never does anything about it. I also tried to ask if I can do anything with no response, I have asked to talk about it in therapy but he didnt really speak when we did. I am very open and honest, Im a vocal communicative person and with sex I am not shy at all. But he is beyond prude, like he simply shuts down about it. The most reaction I ever got was when I suggested pills maybe to help him last longer to give me a chance to enjoy it and he seriously blew up. So I dunno
Oh noo I dont use my loofah on my vulva oh Id never I just meant like if Im washing my thighs and it accidentally touches it, throw it away or is it fine? Im making an appointment for him tomorrow to get tested for it. I was going to wait until my test came back but since he could have it and not know its best to make 100 sure. If the test comes back positive I will probably ask for daily medication. The ob i possibly have really isnt that bad, like its a bit uncomfortable, but I surely dont want to deal with this on a regular basis. And thank you for answering so many of my questions! I appreciate you.
I forgot poeple let white men like him slide. forget he dated a 17yo when he was 38. who cares, he is a rich funny white man. He hates the woke and supports isreal. and amazing guy.