Hi! Heres a reminder of the rules. Dont break them I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subredditmessagecompose?to if you have any questions or concerns.
Honestly was surprised too. This was from an pretty old clip so I dont remember how much I walked past this clip to see if it was more of the map but wasnt that much before I decided to restart.
So the right pedal you got there, you can let off to reduce the off track warning from red to yellow to green so you dont get a drive through for taking a shortcut. And voila no DT penalty.
The meds will help. love Do you have a preference on which one you want to try first? The Dr will help you with that during the meeting. Ask how often you should check in with the provider from this point on. for example I need to check in every six months to keep my medication approval going, some doctors its every three months
That map is so absolute trash I have no doubt it was built in record time. And thats not a good thing. No matter how long it took, they very clearly didnt test anything. Theres plenty of examples of them cobbling together the battlefield experience people expected very late in the dev cycle.
compounding pharmacies...you can get tirzepatide e.g. zepbound from a doctor. its not illegal, at least in the US to take peptides, but no major pharma will provide it to doctors because retatrutide is still in clinical trials and hasnt passed FDA. So you have to go to compounding pharamacies to get it, who only sell it for research purposes. It is illegal for them to say it is for human use. There are pros and cons to the research only places, the biggest con is that you have less oversight into what you are actually getting and quality of it. A woman, I think it was called the hellfinger protocol, did like a near 90 page document on Reta that is pretty easy to understand.
Its not a click bait article if you actually open it up and read it. Theres nothing here implying a dystopian future, just a relatively level-headed conversation between a tech CEO and a journalist.
Honestly, this looks great. A lot of people will suggest leaning quickly into the science, but I would say that youre on the right track and a little experimentation will get you there. Remember, this coffee will be 10x better than you might be used to, and it will be a little special because you made it yourself. I think Pre-Umber is in Canada around Calgary. I bought my SR800 from them and they were great to deal with. Questions 1. I wouldnt freeze the beans personally. Room temp in a dark sealed bag is fine. Roasting from frozen will mess with temperatures, most likely. 2. Mason jar is okay for de-gassing but so is a ziplock bag or Tupperware for a couple of days. Dont worry too much. I bought some amazon coffee bags with a degassing valve. cheap, and I seal the beans in when cooled. 3. First and second crack will become discernible. Just roast a few and listen. The cracks will start, and then get a little more active . Go quiet, and then less than a minute later might crack again . 4. Write things down if it helps, or just trial and error. 5. Buy a 15lb bag from Torque in Quebec who are great and have awesome stuff. By the time youre five pounds into the first bag you will know what works. Nothing will be ruined and it will all be fine, and trial and error will kick in. Have fun!
POST AUTOMATICALLY REMOVEDnnTHE ACCOUNT YOU USED TO POST THIS HAS LOW KARMA. WE DONT ALLOW POSTS FROM USERS WITH LOW KARMA BECAUSE OF SPAM.nnPlease read the sidebar. You must be a regular reddit user and have good karma in order to post to this sub. Do not message the moderators asking for your submission to be approved. This message will conclude with an automated line that says you should contact the moderators - but dont. If you cannot post here and you arent a spammer, then we are sorry about your situation, but these restrictions improve the sub dramatically and will not be circumvented or changed. If this makes you angry, please let us assure you in advance that it makes us angry too. Blame the spammers. I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subredditmessagecompose?to if you have any questions or concerns.
Crazy how one guy has managed to do this but an entire company of devs cant manage to add the shit people want. I cant wait to buy the gane a year from now when its 20 dollars cheaper and has twice the amount of content from, not official devs, but the modding community. Crazy that theres 3 of these games, are they not seeing the failure of a company like Activision? I wonder how Kaiodenic feels about all this, being essentially, an unpaid developer for Frontier.
Thanks for submitting to the rJackSucksAtGeography subreddit! You can join our Discord server, here I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subredditmessagecompose?to if you have any questions or concerns.
بص اقولك انتي شايفه الموضوع ازايشايفه من وجهة نظرك وبس' مش بتفكري ليه الرجالة اللي حصل معاهم كده مش بيعمموا نفس تعميمك وللمرة التالت هسال سؤالي اللي مش فاهم ليه مش بتردي عليه انتي اتعرضتي كام مرة للتحرش في خلال شهر مثلا فوقتها نقدر نقول اه معظم الرجالة متحرشين او لا دول اقلية بس طالما مفيش إجابة هيفضل كلامك مجرد ادعاة على غالبية جنس كامل بحاجة زي دي من غير دليل ملموسوده مش معنى ان مفيش تحرش بس معناها ان التحرش بالنسبة لعدد المرات اللي بتتعرض فيها الست للمواصلات قليل والغريبة انك بتتكلمي على حاجة ليها علاقة بمجالي الاحصاء فأنا فاهم امتى اقول تعميم ومش بقدر اعيش دور الضحية واتجاهل حقايق علشان انا عايز اعيش دور الضحية عافيه التحرش ملهوش علاقة بجنس معين وكتير شباب حصل معاهم مواقف وفيه مواضيع على ريديت بتتلكم على التحرش ضد الرجالة سواء من رجالة او ستات فكونك فاهمه اني رافض تعميمك وخلاص ده في حد ذاته غلط انا رافض تعميمك علشان غلط زي مانا لو عممت هكون غلط برضه وليه رافض التعميم علشان انا لو راكب مواصلتي راجع من الكلية مسالم وواحده اتهمتني بأي حاجة وانا معلملتهاش انا ممكن ارتكب فيها مصيبة علشان اتهام زي ده مش هين بالنسبالي.
Sorry, is your new argument that shes cosplaying a coercive rapist monster creatively and therefore gets a pass? And ice costumes are just a little too pedestrian for you to support them?