welcome to ramifuckworthy! go li've with best girls on net and be as nasty as you can find jerk buddy rjerkoffdude, nsfw ai chat enjoy! ------------ visit some of our recommended subreddits rhugedicktinychick huge dicks in and around tiny chicks. rjizzedtothiss show us what made you cum. rborntobefucked she were born to be fucked. rsexybutclothed sexy girls you meet in everyday life. rchaturbatecam chaturbate li've cam community. rpussyperfectionx pussy perfection. radorablenudes adorable nudes. rthickthighs girl with thick thighs! ramibreedingworthy where you can ask the community if you're breeding worthy! rli'vesexwebcams share you li've sex cams show. rborntobebreed she were born to be breed. rlushsexstories lovers of erotic stories. ---------- don't forget to join our discord fuckdoll paradise for more fun am bot, and this action was performed automatically. please contact the moderators of this subredditmessagecompose?toramifuckworthy if you have any questions or concerns.

i'm not very knowledgeable as just got my piggy from my boyfriends step brother recently they didn't want her and we are currently looking for friend for her. maybe week in she was taking food from my hands and letting me pet her. she is currently very happy when my boyfriend comes home from work and same when i'm working. she trusts us more each day. but when her old family came to say hello they have two kids and they just grabbed her and were so disrespectful with her screaming at her, grabbing her so hard she tried to get away, poking her hard and even smacking her with their little hands to the point could see fear in my piggies eyes and their parents didn't care and all they said was girls be gentle. guess what the kids didn't care. it physically hurt to watch and couldnt say anything because didn't want to come off as terrible person and have his stepbrother get mad at me. but should have since it was my home and the piggy is mine now not theirs i've already told my boyfriend those children and his stepbrother are not allowed in my home ever again due to how they treated our guinea pig. they also broke some of my stuff after running around my apartment which ended up being extremely expensi've to fix. but that's besides the point i've had her for about months now and as of yesterday took her out of the cage with her in her house since she won't let me pick her up and laid her on my stomach and let her be. she came out and snuggled with me for about an hour. honestly think it depends on the piggy and what kind of environment they came from. but mine doesn't let me initially let me pick her up but if pick her up in the hut and move her she will let me hold her and pick her up. honestly think it takes ti'me and the piggies need to learn to trust their new parents. sorry for it being so long. just wanted to share my two months experience

firestar. the og boy but gi'ven the ti'me was reading the books related lot to hi'm in the first few books when he struggled to be accepted and the amount of ti'me we spent with hi'm and the emotional reactions of everyone around hi'm just made it worse or better, guess. bristlefrost. the fact we saw main series pov character die from their perspecti've shocked me and the death itself....man. rootsprings reaction to all of it just makes it all the more tragic. yellowfang and silverstream. they were just so well done...i cried few ti'mes reading these ones.

had nd gen cylinder for many years before got this. compared to this th gen, that thing sucked ass at accelerating and getting up hills. sure, the th gen might only be cylinder but you can feel and hear the power so well. it goes from to freeway speeds faster than anything i've dri'ven before and have to constantly check because it gets so fast, so quickly, and i'm speeding before even know it

model seiko skx price overview up for sale is my very good condition seiko mid size di'ver skx. exterior would rate an and in very good condition. watch has mini'mal marks on the case and caseback. the watch has steel case on aftermarket seiko steel jubilee bracelet. hardlex crystal and all other parts are clean. some patinai'mperfections on the dial and hands but only visible if watch is tilted at an angle and under harsh lighting. functionality all functions working well crispy bi-directional rotating bezel, crown, day-date wheel, and ti'mekeeping within standards. inclusions watch on aftermarket bracelet and seiko box only. shipping will use fedex priority shipping, watch will be shipped from the philippines. normal shipping ti'me is days globally. for usa buyers shipping ti'me may take longer due to the recent closure of the de mini'mis exception and local package backlogs. will gladly work with the buyer on any dutiestariffs involved and will process all customs documentation. have extensi've experience going through us cbp. payment paypal ff or gs buyer shoulders international transfer fee of ., wise, direct to bank, or crypto via usdc. additional pics ti'mestamp sold as is with no personal warranty from me and will not accept returnsrefunds unless for an undeclared issue on my end. will answer all your questions and can send videos of everything for your peace of mind. fire away with all questions.

bueno la verdad si suenas super pick me jajajaja, pero mas all de eso, es lo mismo que cuando alguien te dice como puedo ser flaca bueno comiendo menos haciendo ejercicio... en este caso, interactuando de apoco con hombres, por ejemplo por tu estilo podrias ir conciertos tocatas, yo en mi juvent hice varios amigos asi, la nica manera es saliendo de la zona de confort poco poco ir rompiendo el miedo, algo que me ayudo bastante es el bumble, pero no en opcion buscar pareja si no en la opcion buscar amigos, conoci muchas chicas chicos buena onda, con los cuales hacamos juntas asi de apoco fue creciendo mi crculo social. por ulti'mo, siento que eres demasiado enrollada para ser tan joven, mi mam siempre me deca no te dars ni cuenta cuando llegues los asi mismo fue .. te va pasar ti tambin jaja, aprovecha tus psala bien, disfruta, webea harto! rompe el miedo habla con hombres hasta pillar pololo que entiendo que es tu objetivo! tu forma de pensar me dej la sensacin como si fueras una adolescente inmadura, lo cual no creo para nada que lo seas! pero si si, siento que debes cambiar el enfoque del como estas mirando la situacin, deja de enrollarte sola, en vez de preocuparte tanto del asunto es mejor ocuparse si quieres cambiarlo

and in some restaurants, the more you report, the more you have to tip out to coworkers. but many restaurants have mandatory tip outs based on percentage of sales rather than percentage of tips, partly because of potential underreporting. it lets servers cheat the government without cheating their coworkers. note that for servers who make less than year in tip income in the us, the no tax on tips act will eli'minate the tax advantage for underreporting tips. that's fairly low bar, so lot of full ti'me servers will still want to underreport, but those with lower tip incomes might as well report all their tips for the few years the act is scheduled to be in effect.

hey uapprehensi'vemud, your post has been automatically removed as general spam prevention measure as your account is not yet hours old. once your account meetsexceeds this requirement, your posts should remain posted without being removed by the automoderator bot. am bot, and this action was performed automatically. please contact the moderators of this subredditmessagecompose?tormassi'vecock if you have any questions or concerns.

no you sound like child cause this thread was not even about that. it was just fun little thread about what nice things they did for each other and some people had funny replies while some people answered the question. you decided to make it into stan wars. geez, you like lestat fine, other people like louis, other people claudia, etc. etc. people listed out nice things and you got extra upset cause people were literally naming what they felt louis did that was nice. people also listed nice things lestat did.

your post has been removed because your reddit profile lacks link to your verified creators profile e.g. of. it has to be clickable link set in reddit profile social links settings. after you add your link, feel free to create another post or contact us via modmail if you wish to reinstate multiple posts. if you can't have your creators profile link e.g. of in your reddit profile, please contact us via modmail. we may then add your account to our allow list upon review. our modmail

this sort of conversation never goes well. almost our entire representati've government at the highest levels including the commander in chief are people who are at least years past retirement age, some of them years past retirement age. getting old people to gi've up power, independence, mobility... requires downright herculean effort. its too bad this at least of the country doesn't vote like they care about the elderly and healthcare and are too busy celebrating civilians being killed over falsehoods of them transporting fentanyl

thank you for your comment, utaengoolife. your description has been copied below. --- model seiko skx price overview up for sale is my very good condition seiko mid size di'ver skx. exterior would rate an and in very good condition. watch has mini'mal marks on the case and caseback. the watch has steel case on aftermarket seiko steel jubilee bracelet. hardlex crystal and all other parts are clean. some patinai'mperfections on the dial and hands but only visible if watch is tilted at an angle and under harsh lighting. functionality all functions working well crispy bi-directional rotating bezel, crown, day-date wheel, and ti'mekeeping within standards. inclusions watch on aftermarket bracelet and seiko box only. shipping will use fedex priority shipping, watch will be shipped from the philippines. normal shipping ti'me is days globally. for usa buyers shipping ti'me may take longer due to the recent closure of the de mini'mis exception and local package backlogs. will gladly work with the buyer on any dutiestariffs involved and will process all customs documentation. have extensi've experience going through us cbp. payment paypal ff or gs buyer shoulders international transfer fee of ., wise, direct to bank, or crypto via usdc. additional pics ti'mestamp sold as is with no personal warranty from me and will not accept returnsrefunds unless for an undeclared issue on my end. will answer all your questions and can send videos of everything for your peace of mind. fire away with all questions. --- am bot, and this action was performed automatically. please contact the moderators of this subredditmessagecompose?torwatchexchange if you have any questions or concerns.

before responding to this post, please note that participation in this subreddit is reserved exclusi'vely for actual residents of japan. if you are not currently residing in japan including former residents, individuals awaiting residency, or periodic visitors, please refrain from commenting. am bot, and this action was performed automatically. please contact the moderators of this subredditmessagecompose?torjapanlife if you have any questions or concerns.

thank you for posting, beloved! sparkle word on the street is that we keep things classy yet shady here. if you spot any rule-breaking or messy behavior, hit that report button faster than the grand dame exits feud. lets keep it on this side of the fence, shall we? am bot, and this action was performed automatically. please contact the moderators of this subredditmessagecompose?torrhop if you have any questions or concerns.

pre-covid, we had ton of flexibility in when we worked come and go as you please, even if we didn't have much wfh. then it got very flexible and people built their li'ves around that. they chose jobs, had kids, and planned dual-income families assuming that flexibility would last. i'm not the op but in my situation, my team is being forced onto strict, rotating schedule. one week i'm in mtw, the next its wthf. its nightmare for trying to balance schedules with wife and kids. can't even go in on an off day if wanted to, no desks. the worst part is that they're enforcing different rules for different teams for no good reason, and they gave us almost no ti'me to find childcare. still feel lucky i'm not in job like manual labor where flexibility isnt even word. but the way this was handled is beyond frustrating. overall, the situation is not worse but the sudden changes are unexpected and difficult to deal with.