i'm sorry but strict carnivore diet is absolutely not known to cure gout. the exact opposite has been proven, as excess amounts of meat, especially red meats and organ meats, increase uric acid in the blood, which then forms crystals in the joints, commonly known as gout. check your serum uric acid regularly and be suspicious of any joint complaints. take care!

well, yeah. my argument was taking bad operators on classes with broken ones to say that the class can be weak despite them, their argument was taking broken operator on class with plenty of bad ones to say the class can't be considered weak because of them. my point was also that the class hardly means anything for the power level. if they want to sell character on bad class theyll just put something into their kit that allows them to ignore the bad parts of the class entirely, or just have them not play like the class is supposed to at all i.e. kaltsit and reed alter are medics. being an executor specialist didn't save crownslayer from being bad despite the class being inherently strong, just like being vanguard is not guarantee character will be good because ines exists.

in terms of aesthetic, mj has its own unique look, and the only way to approxi'mate that look is to either train your own lora qwen, flux or chroma or find one that somebody has uploaded to civitai tensor. art, or various other si'milar model hosting sites. in terms of being creati've, the best open weight one is probably chroma, but it takes some effort to learn to prompt for it properly

this can relate to, its not deal breaker if they don't though. just fear that if get into relationship going forward that might feel alone if that makes sense. my ex cheated and didn't talk to her for over year, she sent me text asking how was doing and opened up about my issues with incontinence and she mentioned shed wear diapers along side me to make me feel comfortable if we had been together. not that want her back or anything but it felt nice knowing that she didn't look at me differently and if things had been different would have went that far to make me feel good. but being single and not knowing if will meet another, if theyd accept me or at the least be understanding or if the result will be rejection.

i've used roku devices since and roku doesn't buffer unless theres some kind of internet issue, or source issue. mostly watch philo, netflix, paramount, hulu, disney, peacock, pri'me video, tubi, and plex, and i'm currently using roku express roku streaming stick and roku streaming stick devices on my tvs. my parents mostly watch yttv, youtube, pri'me video, and currently use roku ultra lt rw devices on their tvs. one of my sons uses firestick, and don't think he has buffering issues, either, but the firestick os doesn't seem as polished as roku, at least to me.

bennnk pontosan ilyen rzsek keringtek, sok ms ktely is, pedig mi is gy indultunk neki hogy kt gyereket szeretnnk. le kellett tisztznom magamban mit vlasszak egy kpet ami azeltt lt fejemben hogy tudtam volna milyen anynak lenni, vagy elengedni ezt. nagy valsznsggel mi hrman maradunk, mert anyaknt szintn azt vallom, csak olyan helyre kellene gyereknek szletni, ahol jelenben mindkt szl vgyik elvrsoktl, csaldtmogatstl, szlsg eltti vgyaktl fggetlenl.

minutes wouldnt be enough if your drying clothes inside. of course it cools the house down. how wouldnt it cool the house unless it was warmer outside than in? dehumidifiers use tiny amount of electricity. you need to reevaluate how invested you are in what other people do if something so trivial makes you sick. its honestly bit pathetic.

retreading is very common practice. in the us you cannot retread steer tire legally but you can retread steers to be dri've tires, and dri'ves can be retreaded for use as dri'ves again, or as trailer tires. once retreaded tore can be retreaded second ti'me for use on trailer if the casing is still good. all the casings were x-ray tested before being retreaded, and we had the option to get our own casings back if we didn't mind the wait, or could exchange for ready to go recased tires in core exchange system. with tires on the truck trailer combo tri axle trailer there was significan't savings in retreading, especially for the trailer since those tires are under less stress. we only had one casing fail an exchange casing instead of one we had custody of from new, and it failed i'mmediately on inflation, didn't make it to the road. over all would save its very economical system.

no one is clai'ming that current law would mean sexual harassment clai'm blocks deportation. but thank you for answering the question that you would like it to be that way. how would deporting someone back to their home country be human trafficking? she should have no path whatsoever to citizenship ever. she broke the law to come to this country. we should not reward people for breaking the law. deporting her should not stop the investigation into the cri'mes shes alleging.

bro sent me half kendama. the stand he purposely got those ben baller ones in bulk asffff for stupid cheap bc well no jumper can't sell that shit anymore its years old mf send me the stand bruh. and so say made it right, only after won hoodie lord know if i'ma get either item.. like i'ma pay for shipping that you fucked uo on bitch youuu eat that cost. now you got full refund and didn't even request refund!! just let them know that devon told me hed make it right so lets wait to see. and they still send me my back they go for brand new onl the website from the freshest drops. lord knows i'ma get one from if even get one at all! he wanted me to pay for shipping to make his mistake right! things people will just accept defeat. dead ass have been on the phone with lawyers about this app and the way that what not does shit to people who bring them in thousands month in fees alone. can't stand the corporate greed and the deceit. the thing is.. he will pay for it. and if by my amazing luck he sent both the free hoodie and the kendamanever sent the message so feel like he uses that label to send me only the kendama, will keep you updated tomorrow or tuesday! what pos lost the kendama got directly from no jumper, so this was me replacing it and was so exetatic. had he just seen the damn thing he put up for li've bid.. and won the auction for!! hes getting star review even if he sent me bape! he can't go fuck hi'mself and enjoy hell because of the theft and how to get over on anyone he possibly can slip it into when hes losing money so sell everything in your store, full price. buddy you can't sell that much that fast its i'mpossible. so you take the loss in price and just reup for more! the bitch made west coast white boy.. would make way more money in the end. if he was honest every ti'me theres no way theres this much shit being said and its alllll some bullshit! regardless of if someone spent or nothing. the legal binding contract states you can't discri'minate due to this. bot ass account. can understand honestly. but why isnt whatnot doing something about the bots!!? blame them don't try and make us take loses literally the same day he sent this hoodie out with the kenda whatnot refunded me bc had already sent them all the proof and sure some sellers are shit and lie like. didn't gettt it whole ti'me they did. so, its like the bad apples ruin it for us all! this guy should have been banned from this platform go try that bs on ebay auctions! theyd kick his ass to the curb so mf fast