sorry, new player, kind of dumb, could you explain this bit more? so for example in my sweden game its like investment pool is like million, how does spending that work? because i've seen people saying if i'm not building anything then private will do, but the investment pool never seems to go down even if don't build anything. how do make them build stuff and actually spend the investment pool?

just want the offensi've line to provide at least second of protection for whoevers in the pocket at this point its getting to the point where that legendary running back is even getting swallowed up at the line if not behind it fuck the quotes and nods of confidence when the confidence is at point deficit

i'm no professional, but my best guess is this happens when someone allows their own unique identity to stop existing within the relationship. when the relationship ends, they're faced with not just the loss of the relationship, but the total loss of their identity. don't know that people necessarily have the words to express this when it happens, but would wager large amount on guessing that this is the actual cause. you will obviously enmesh somewhat in every relationship. this is to be expected. but when you lose your entire sense of self within relationship and then it ends, that loss is far greater than just losing someone you loved. you also lose who you are. this is why its extremely i'mportant to maintain your individual frame in addition to who you are within relationship

welcome to rchat an exclusi've sparkle clean sparkle chatting community on reddit. check out our new chat channel lounge for real-ti'me group chatting! the two main rules are to be kind and this is clean chatting space. permanent bans will be issued toward sexual accountsinteractions. report rulebreakers if you recei've any inappropriate chatspms. please be cautious of new accounts with little or no user history, there is chance they could be catfishers, scammers, or sexual predators. always review accounts before chatting. adults and minors should not be chatting privately. stay alert of special attention, love bombing, negging grooming behavior. accounts must be days old with positi've karma and have verified email to commentpost here. to stop accepting chats ops may comment the word closed. am bot, and this action was performed automatically. please contact the moderators of this subredditmessagecompose?torchat if you have any questions or concerns.

did part two of the third one by relying on sylvie to cripple basically every add by destroying their legs, their weapon, or in the case of snipers and hmg users, one arm. still only won at the last possible moment because one armed gumusiay managed to hit the boss in the body on chance and that and the last round of link attacks lowered his hp enough for sylvie to snipe hi'm. rng be rnging. the third one in general is just not very fun you have to perform an exact sequence of actions with rosa and just completely rush down the bosses to heal her. puzzle levels in srpgs are fine but it is pretty boring when the solutions are so heavily scripted.

sold my collection to pay rent about years ago, did not get anywhere near what should have gotten for it, but had seasons -. my boyfriend uses this dvdcdbook exchange website and has tons of free credits and has offered to help me rebuild my collection. might take hi'm up on it.

when you gi've something in the spirit of helping people it should be with the understanding that you're not expecting anything in return. if you're doing something for others and expecting something in return, that is form of control. and there is definitely one thing in life that we don't have control overand that's everything except our own reaction.

my beardie when let hi'm out, free roams the house. the cats might sniff hi'm and he chases them, but for the most part, they leave each other alone and keep an eye on them, always in the same room, almost always sitting on the floor just in case something happens can intervene without having to run across the room plus if don't, he finds new places to hide and spend minutes trying to find hi'm

yes. we shit the bed massi'vely with how we went about the mass adoption of dual income households via women mostly joining the workforce. whilst undeniably good thing, helping to enhance womens rights more than pretty much anything since they won the right to vote, there was an unintended consequence to the approach that caused problems. what we should have done is introduce the three day week at around the same ti'me, meaning we gain day week in total output while equalising workloads between men and women. what we did is let everyone work days week and plow all the extra money into increased housing costs, so now theres rarely anyone at home in the week, everyone is stressed and nobody has ti'me for anything, whilst were not actually any better off theres just bigger number in the how much does your rentmortgage cost each month column. its also made it darn near i'mpossible for single person to li've alone unless they earn very good moneypaid their house off years ago.

yeah, when first started playing just pulled for who like seems it was fusion ladies and randomly pulled pheobe for her traversal skill in the maps lol. back then didn't know how i'mportant it was to build around premium teams so kind of have to use weird teams atm, hence why i'm looking for advice on this thread. played zani in her companion quest, shes character like but didn't really enjoy her playstyle that much tbh but i'm not against picking her up and having spectro team.

honestly doubt they would outright reference ix dying to zephyro like that, and in trailer we clearly see classic one side overpowering other, notice how welts black hole is smaller than zephyros white hole in picture, looks more like defense from welts side, personally don't think welt is equal to zephyro honestly, this is gonna be same case like sirin, welt may find way to hold zephyro back using plan or something, but highly doubt he is able to take on zephyro in straight up fight considering zephyro is referred to as greatest threat in trailer

trust me when say, i've been in your shoes. being too nice to others and not receiving the same energy back can be mentally tiring and eventually will lead to fatigue both mentally and physically. promise you that in forgi'veness, there is mercy, and in mercy there is grace. we can't really say who is or who isnt deserving of said grace, because we too have recei'ved grace and mercy from someone without ever have realized it. and yes, youd be better off going no contact with them after highschool by all means.

li'ved with two girls who were both taller than me and shared shower with both of them. when the shower was badly positioned and sprayed me with water, you know what did? turned the water off and readjusted it. like its literally that si'mple. your fianc literally stood there and watched mess be made so he could punish you for something that was easily fixable. like he literally left the shower on to come tattle to you, about you. like he purposely left that shower on! he values being right and feeling right. not honest and truth, because theres correct way to get the truth across in an honest and respectful way. he could have si'mply reminded you about the shower head after he finished showering, instead he decided to go on and create mess and make you clean it up to prove his point. if he behaves like this consistently, why would you like hi'm? why would anyone? what hes doing is very annoying and makes hi'm unlikable because hes going out of his way to blow small situation out of proportion to prove point as to why you are wrong and he isnt. idk how people deal with folks like this, because if that was me, wouldnt have cleaned the water since he let it mess up the floor instead of, don't know, turning the shower off and adjusting it before getting in. theres better ways of communicating and hes not doing it. coming from someone whos very direct and blunt herself, but that doesn't mean being tactless and going out of my way to punish someone for something as small as the shower head.