yes, but at the same ti'me openai hasnt exactly been ethical in building ai and if they think they could get away with using your data to train they might. this goes for all ai providers too but yes, the lawsuit payouts would be the only thing really preventing it.

i'm not saying be happy and put smile on your face, i'm coming at those that are calling for heads to roll this early into the new regi'me. gi've me fucking break joy i'm all for being upset and wanting things fixed, but i'm also not saying trade terry, fire ap and fire dq. this aint our year, lets get this ship corrected and hope for better year next year. ill still cheer every damn sunday and pray for miracle playoff berth until then though.

your post has been removed rule no contentious or low-effort selfposts hot-takes or contentious questions designed to provoke ire should not be posted. serious and controversial topics should be discussed civilly respectfully. low effort questions such as where should go visit or should move to nz will be removed. --- click here to message the moderators if you think this was in error

i'm in very si'milar boat rn!!! i've been on adderall for probably years now, no issues. was on vyvanse before that. got diagnosed pots in middle school and sti'mulants never had an effect on that. spring switched to wellbutrin mg after being on citalopram for while winter all of sudden my tachycardia became severe and constant. this past summer it got bad enough that got put on propranolol. the suspicion is my meds even though it started before switched!! swear you can have the facts in front of them and theyll still ignore them

there is more to tire than how long it lasts. how well tire grips on pavement, off-road, or on snow and ice depends on the type of rubber used. noise and comfort are also things that can be engineered into tire. two tires might last the same amount of miles, but one might stop feet sooner on wet pavement. in many cases tires that have better grip wear out faster because they use softer rubber compound to i'mprove traction. check online and look at the articles and reviews on the tirerack website.

gee, if only there was something that couldve been done to have stronger border security. oh yeah, that bill that biden proposed, which was the strongest border bill ever proposed that trump told his people to shoot down so that it could be used as wedge issue in the election. trump and co. have no intention of actually solving the border, which would require actual legislation be drafted and passed. the eo that trump signed is band-aid. personally believe that if undocumented people have been producti've community members who have not been arrested for any cri'mes should have path to citizenship if theyve been here more than couple years and set down roots. the republican party just wants all brown people out regardless of their i'mmigration status or contributions to the community.

you're literally just complaining, like all the losers, that you can't low skill fly by defenders anymore. i'm sure you don't play in elite because how could you actually think this patch made it so defendersmidfielders are incredibly faster than attackers at moving around in general? that's just not true. you need to actually bring your players to the ball rather than speed dribbling and spamming through runs, sorry.

ueffecti've-suspect, your post is missing an i'mportant statement about your age and what you're looking for in an rp. please repost and make sure its included! your post was automatically removed. you must include am and all participants and characters must be in your post. please correct this and repost. just reminder we have removed the character li'mit. this is copy of the original post we are college roommates. one night you go to bed and then wake up as girl. we also seem to be the only two people in the world who remember you as guy. everyone else always remembers you as woman. not only that they remember you and dating and having long history. that's news to us. but the more people tell us the more we feel like we need to put on the show. when does that show move behind closed doors? discord effecti'vesuspect kinks outfit control, casual nudity, strip games, mutual masterbation, skin to skin, vocal sex, looong oral sessions, cum play, cream pies, bi play, group play li'mits gore, bathroom play, ani'mal play look forward to hearing back! am bot, and this action was performed automatically. please contact the moderators of this subredditmessagecompose?torroleplaydiscord if you have any questions or concerns.

i'm massi've fan of both but no way would that work. he doesn't have any straight man qualities, the taskmaster has to have straight man side so the comedian contestants can bounce off hi'm. conan would have to be too restrained, he wouldnt be able to use most of what makes hi'm valuable. the taskmaster is host, conan cannot cede the stage as host must do, he has to have role in the bit, can't just let it happen.

red flag. am not quite ready to step into the dating pool, but close and just learning, listening as this is going to be so different after years of marriage. but honestly would see it as red flag. want to have fun, want to have companionship, want to enjoy the company of someone else am attracted to. think need is for family, children and perhaps in serious established relationships, it becomes thing. but it would be turn off for me in dating conversation. need is different kind of void to be filled and honestly think anyone that needs someone else to be happy or whatever the goal is has to work out their own issues. would worry about if it was the right fit for me and is also such serious thing to discuss in the sense of dating.

any germans on cdf awake at night? was watching american dad when klaus mentioned something called sptzle. looked it up, and came across chef john recipe. it looks really nice and si'mple to make. maybe should make it like literally right now at am lmao i'm on cooking spree, despite the fact our fridge is full of spaghetti and bolognese that my grandma made bulgur patties also grandma steak meat leftovers from my aunt when we were over at her place big pot of chicken soup that made from whole chicken big pot of about kg cooked white beans in tomato sauce that made small pot of buckwheat also made today and the cookies just baked do they count? do want to add more food into the refrigerator?

of my past references would always request to provide their reference verbally, and hrhiring team agreed. these individuals were my references for different jobs at different departments and hr accommodated the verbal reference check. my references would have me communicate this and pass along their contact information, so that hrhiring team could schedule call directly. this was also pre-teams before you were obligated to stare at the person on the other line. now with teams, they could record the whole conversation, so its presumably even easier. perhaps something to suggest. it really alleviates the burden for the other person.