my cousin was on mafs, won't say who he was but we all told hi'm he was crazy to go on it. he had girlfriend of months when he got the call he was going on. he told us he wanted to lift his profile because he had business he needed to get promoted. he was trashed on mafs, but it actually did lift his business profile. we thought his life would be over, but it had positi've i'mpact on his business and when say he was trashed, he was trashed!! so maybe the old adage any publicity is good publicity is true.

your comment has been removed on recommerce because you do not meet the user requirements to post or comment. you do not have enough comment karma or account age days. both conditions must be met. please read the sub rules at the top of our main page for full posting and commenting guidelines. am bot, and this action was performed automatically. please contact the moderators of this subredditmessagecompose?torecommerce if you have any questions or concerns.

this dude is fucking freak of nature. don't even like baseball but watching this dude just blows me away. its not even fair. he makes the best pitchers in the world look like fucking amateurs. if someone told me pitcher would be dominant hitter decade or so ago wouldnt believe them

my guess is terrible twos episode. my autistic year old is specifically obsessed with the first half of the first season but i've seen way more than that in the past. but for some reason really freaks hi'm out someti'mes too, think because its when sneezes out and becomes that he really freaks out

be greg and ensure your submission follows the rules and is flaired appropriately! if your submission violates the rules or isnt correctly flaired, it might be removed at the discretion of mod. please make sure that if you bring post inquiry to modmail, you link the post in question, as we are unable to help those who do not link the post. this comment is an automatic reminder and you are not in trouble, it is posted on every submission to the subreddit. am bot, and this action was performed automatically. please contact the moderators of this subredditmessagecompose?tordannygonzalez if you have any questions or concerns.

this video seems stage. like what went through his head? hey that looks like my lost dog, let me pull my phone out and start recording before approach hi'm? if saw my lost dog, the first thing is my head is to sprint to hi'm and not let me pull my phone out first and start recording just in case

can't help but wonder if i'm doing anything wrong with that case. have that case and the airflow situation from the front intake isnt any good. the hdds at the front require higher static pressure fans to push air through the hdd caddys. it says it has mount for the optical dri've, but no proper place to screw it in for support. the case has been with me for years and now the front intake mesh has started to rust and crumble. have they changed the quality or design in any way for it to be suggested over the other cases? ps looked for the thread but cannot find which one exactly you're talking about, the one where it was about someone asking for case suggestion?

first, the illegal invasion of ukraine. the highest russian leadership, putin, denies ukrainian nationhood. deliberate targeting of civilians, proven by double tap attacks on first responders and drone footage. using rape as weapon against their own troops too, so have fun when you get sent. kidnapping of ukrainian children and russifying them in camps, the order to do which comes from russian leadership icc wanted cri'minals putin and maria lvova-belova. russia displays clear intent of genocide against ukrainian people.