hello! please double check the pinned faq thread on the homepage of our sub, and delete your post if your question is answered there. please also check our questions megathread before making your post. general questions should be asked here if you're asking if your bb is fake, please delete your post and move to the is this fake? megathread thank you! please make sure you're following the rules for bst or your post may be deleted! connect with us on discord -- funfacts for new fans bb faces are completely random in standard series the cheek pattern, eye taype, and hair color are randomized. however, the face plates are removable and can be swapped around am bot, and this action was performed automatically. please contact the moderators of this subredditmessagecompose?torbabythree if you have any questions or concerns.

could proper reading the bible starting in genesis and finishing with revelation through and through. but ulti'mately mans heart is only going to be changed by the holy spirit. theres nothing can do or say that's going to make you love the lord. all can do is say what believe is true to the best of my abilities. think you should refer to the rhetorical question asked you though. really think on why youve created this worldview for yourself if theres no objecti've truth and you could just pick different worldview. maybe the question is, if you believe you can pick any kind of worldview and yet you still believe in gods eternal justice as core part of your beliefs, why is that why can't you just leave god out of the equation? perhaps your heart has already been pricked. in which case would offer the same advice, genesis to revelation, start reading.

if you don't mind spoilers !the ancestor who is having you clear out the dungeons isnt very good guy, he first discovered crazy evil magic stuff when noblewoman he decided to murder turned out to be mosquito monster formed from the portal underneath the estate, he successfully killed her nearly dying cause she was monster, then decided hey i'm gonna drain her blood and feed it to all the nobles at my party cause i'm psycho who thinks that's funny. he does that mutating everyone at the party who then go on to form monster hierarchy trying to mask that they're blood sucking monsters behind noble facade. and they corrupt the wildlife of the whole garden and guest house of the estate.!

since you asked, its probably corporate bureaucracy at its finest. because trailers and such are done by marketing companies, not the studio who is producing the actual product. the studio and marketing companies don't have direct contact or relationship with each other. marketing is typically handled and contracted out by the distribution company. the distribution company usually is the boss of the production company power structure is bit different than, say, disney vs sinclair tv stations in the us, even if they appear to be peers within the production committee who contracts the studio, jc, the lower level company involved.

tools like rufus can be used to bypass the hardware requirement checks for windows however this is not advised to do. installing windows on an unsupported computer will result in the computer no longer being entitled to nor receiving all updates, in addition to reduced performance and system stability. it is one thing to experi'ment and do this for yourself, however please do not suggest others, especially less tech savvy users attempt to do this. am bot, and this action was performed automatically. please contact the moderators of this subredditmessagecompose?torwindowshelp if you have any questions or concerns.

oh, i'm not saying that there arent some great private attorneys. i'm saying that you're better off with the pd if you qualify, because pds are more uniformly pretty good, whereas private attorneys vary wildly in quality. and if you're not really familiar with cri'minal defense, its going to be nearly i'mpossible for you to tell based on their marketing whether the person you're hiring is one of the good ones, or is crappy one with good marketing. hence almost always better off. you might luck into good lawyer, but it really will be matter of luck. and even then, they won't have the institutional resources pd office has.

fyi, depending on where you li've talk to local estate lawyer to confirm, you can charge for executor services. that means the estate pays you for your ti'me. that payout typically comes before the beneficiary payouts. before you make any choices, it would be worth it to find out what your responsibilities that would go with it would be what your dads estates responsibility could be towards you. in this situation my executor services would be on the higher end of whats allowable lol

please note this post has been locked, as all posts on rhoustonrr are. responses should be pmed to spiritualinsect directly. this is because personal ads are not discussion topics, and houstonrr is not discussion forum. heres link for mobile users pm spiritualinsect posters who wish to allow public comments on their post may do so by adding !unlock to the body of their submissions. please remember that all comments will still be subject to subreddit rules. if you are interested in this post always read through posters profile to look for red flags before replying to post. always vet the user before sharing any personal information with them. spiritualinsects profile if this post breaks the rules if there is an issue with this post and it breaks the rules, please message the mods and report the post. if you believe the user is not who they say they are, please message the mods. contact the moderators here some common red flags to watch out for asking for money or gift cards this will always be scam mismatched ages in posts or comments the users location changes often the gender of the user changes between posts the wording of post is identical to another users post user asks for an email or provides one user requests that you bring them food or pay them in exchange for something posts includes username for rd party application this is against subreddit rules as always, be kind to each other, use common sense, and have fun! pmed to spiritualinsect directly pm spiritualinsect spiritualinsects profile contact the moderators here am bot, and this action was performed automatically. please contact the moderators of this subredditmessagecompose?torhoustonrr if you have any questions or concerns.

understand it is really frustrating, don't agree with you that it is your fault. you hired company that represented themselves as professional carpet cleaning company. you are not professional carpet cleaner so you hired someone with the necessary expertise. that was the right thing to do. the fact that they destroyed your rug was their fault, not yours. as professional company, they should be responsible for correcting the damage or paying for replacement. the reality is that no matter how much research we do on these companies, it is rare that get that over the moon experience that some reviews describe and someti'mes its the opposite. i'm sure you did your research. the si'mple fact is that they represented themselves as professional company and they did terrible job, destroying your company. none and mean none of that is your fault. if you havent already, would press them to make it right.

they look very si'milar but they are actually very different in gameplay mechanics. think totk made much better ui for everything. increased the durability alongside with the amount of enemies and gave us better bosses. they all except one felt like different phases of the same bossfight in the first game. don't know which one to pick chatgpt says totk is better but the community keeps saying that botw is better. why do people hate totk so much?