at this stage, do what you can to help your cv stand out to secure an interview. if the ai picture helps you get the interview, do it. use your face card, if you have one. hopefully you i'mpress during the interview and the company hires based on the value you bring to the work. the technology exists, so take advantage of it. you wouldnt handwrite or typewriter your resume, diba? youd use the computer.

sorry, your post has been automatically removed because you have not set an age flair in our community. please set your age flair, and resubmit your post. for instructions how to set your age flair, please refer to the post introduction to our community which is stickied at the top of our community feed at questions from guests who are under should be asked in the weekly thread, which is stickied at the top of our community feed at am bot, and this action was performed automatically. please contact the moderators of this subredditmessagecompose?toraskgaybrosover if you have any questions or concerns.

which grew out of the podesta email hacking by russian military intelligence agency, and wikileaks publishing those emails. this was after trump said on tv russia, if you're listening, hope you're able to find the emails that are missing, think you will probably be rewarded mightily by our press. there was nothing in the emails about human trafficking ring, but trolls and bots pushed narrati've that any reference to getting pizza or pasta was supposedly code for illegal activities.

just heads up this post has been locked, as all posts on rdirtyrr are. this is because personal ads are not discussion topics, and rdirtyrr is not discussion forum. read that again. this is busy subreddit if you modmail us to ask why your post was locked we will have to block you for week. responses should be pmed to op directly. heres convenient link do not gi've anyone on reddit your phone number, instagram or whatsapp or any contact info telegram that could be used to find your phone number. some losers are using it for facebook-look-ups to doxblackmail redditors. do not offer or request to share picsvideos of anyone other than yourself. it breaks our rules, and reddit is also likely to suspend you for it. if they message you, uok-economist is not mod they are banned here for attempting to i'mpersonate mod if this poster is breaking our rules, please use the report button and send proofscreenshots to the moderators. am bot, and this action was performed automatically. please contact the moderators of this subredditmessagecompose?tordirtyrr if you have any questions or concerns.

not much you can do except try to li'mit them seeing each other. privacy screens have 'worked' for me in the past. am currently dealing with this but the neighbors dogs are in and out, but when out the barking is bad. of course mine go out after dark and will bark for hours at the stars, which does annoy me. if you are in hoa area or have stricter local laws there might be something to help cause friction between you and the neighbors. but dogs bark and we just have to decide how much we let them be dogs.

same here and they hate my guts. was always responsible for caretaking and upbringing, and then my parents would come and be their friend like what the fuck they have absolutely no respect for me. they don't listen to anything any of my advice yet they have leeched off of me financially. the older got the more like you know i've done this for you xyz they're like wow you're holding that over my head like yeah you're an adult now and you havent ever ever thanked me or paid me back for anything. maybe once or twice but no where near the same. its ruined me having kids because it can be thankful less job. theres no way knowing your kids will turn out to be grateful, they could literally use and deplete you of resources then turn around and say you never did anything for them. like its crazy that if wasnt parent, wouldve had better relationship with my own sibling.

we noticed that you used the flair married to womanshowing ring. for your submission and we wanted to make sure that you understand when this flair and others like it should be used. this flair is intended only for man who is married to woman and showing their wedding bandring in their submission. please do not use this flair if you are not man who is married to woman and showing your wedding bandring in your submission. note if you are following flair guidelines, using the correct flair please disregard this message. as always, please remember to read the rules and when posting use the flair from the flair chart that best fits you your submissions situation. if the flair chart above doesn't load please use this link to view the chart. am bot, and this action was performed automatically. please contact the moderators of this subredditmessagecompose?tormarriedandtakencock if you have any questions or concerns.

sorry man get it. years old and been through lot like every human ali've. know what you mean having the dolphins lift your spirits. unfortunately they don't. my dog died of cancer in they gave me some joy abd distraction that year and year after when was still grieving. that is why have soft spot for tua and mcdaniel. but mostly they never can lift our spirits when we need them. you are young and single. go on apps and meet chicks. did that when single. it is distraction. you will bounce back. as far as dolphins. try to find something like rooting for young players to develope. even if we win thursday we are not making playoffs so this year is failure. hang in there and get on dating apps and gym and enjoy free single ti'me. some day you will be married and miss those single days.

thanks for posting on rmechanicadvice! this is just reminder to review the rules rremember to please post the yearmakemodel of the vehicle you are working on. if this post is about bodywork, accident damage, paint, dentding, questions it belongs in rautobody rautobodyrepair or rdiyautobody if you have tire questions check out if you don't have question and you're just showing off it belongs in rjustrolledintotheshop insurancetotal loss questions go in rinsurance this is an automated reply am bot, and this action was performed automatically. please contact the moderators of this subredditmessagecompose?tormechanicadvice if you have any questions or concerns.

the reality here is actually quite si'mple, mike johnson does not want to protect the affordable care act, which million americans rely on. he and his party hate this law that enabled millions of americans to get coverage. they do not believe in healthcare as right. this is their way of destroying it from within, allowing it to become so expensi've that no one can afford it anymore, making millions of americans uninsured. republicans do not need one single vote from democrats, they can amend the rules of the chamber to permit passage of funding bills with majority. without aca subsidies, the cost of health insurance varies significan'tly by individual circumstances, but premiums are projected to increase significan'tly in if enhanced subsidies expire. for example, an average annual premium for subsidized enrollee could jump from about in to an esti'mated in more than increase. the trump administration announced it would not tap into an existing billion contingency fund to pay for snap benefits in november. democrats called this gross dereliction of...responsibilities and argued the administration was intentionally inflicting pain. amid the federal standoff, some states, like louisiana, planned to use state funds to backfill snap benefits, while others, like tennessee refuse to do so. its ti'me for nationwide general strike. shut the entire economy down and force republicans to listen to reason and get off of their fat entitled asses and do something to help the american people.