they existed before books. you misconstrue. let me be more clear the point of books is to preserve, objectify, standardize, and regulate language and education. beginning with personal memoirs, recorded history of peoples, transactional records, etc. the existence of book is for one to look back on later, or to share that knowledge with another in regi'mented and coehisve way, at ones own pace. i'm not saying movies, video games, and music can't do that, but that was not necessarily the intent of those things to begin with. and would argue, that it is not the main intent of such things today. maybe, years from now, all classroom learning will be done through audiovisual, and we will have contacts connected to our brains that just tell us what everything is and means. but until that point, books are essential for having standardized ways of speaking and teaching people. the purpose of the teacher is then to break it down, and say things in way that everyone understands. but the books purpose is to define clearly and inarguably what the thing is. the less people read and educate themselves, the harder it is to communicate with people outside of their circle or set of circles. would argue that the inverse is also true people who read way more than average tend to talk funny to the rest of us, but they understand others significan'tly better than the rest of us. and they can get cultured lot quicker than the rest of us can get edumacated. that's what meant. preservation of books is preservation of language, history, ideas, and knowledge at its heart. the rest of these mediums arent. they can be, and someti'mes are, but not innately.

it is from the official site, you cannot break it up, it is on ti'mer just like the real exam. in case you were not aware, there are quarters in the exam. after you finish the first quarter you cannot go back to thoseonce you click to advance to the second, after the second quarter is your scheduled break which is effecti'vely lunchsnack break. then are like if you take an optional break between sections or your ti'mer continues. the weird thing in the mock exam is that you cannot review it once you submit, but you can check and see the correct answer during the exam. it leaves weird dilemma of do take this as real exam and just look at the score printout? or do look at every answer to see if was right?. would suggest being in the camp of taking it as real exam, just marked certain ones for review and id look at those before advancing to be sure understood what it was going for. think its more helpful to get used to the exam format than it is as learning tool. use your test prep providers material to do the learningand read the cfp code of ethics and applying the code of ethics documents.

hello urinnkuun, thank you for your submission to rupshorts! thank you for being verified contributor! please ensure that your submission adheres to the subreddit rules. if it does not, then please remove it. am bot, and this action was performed automatically. please contact the moderators of this subredditmessagecompose?torupshorts if you have any questions or concerns.

welcome to rfastsexting! stay safe, follow all rules and remember, your safety and privacy come first. always think twice! join fastsexting discord server our affiliates hedoncustoms is the best platform for buying and selling custom content fast. am bot, and this action was performed automatically. please contact the moderators of this subredditmessagecompose?torfastsexting if you have any questions or concerns.

which makes sense if place is generating equity but the condo market in edmonton is stagnant at best. feel like there are some markets where that is the case but edmonton sure as hell isnt one of those markets. also there is massi've degree of liability associated with being home owner relati've to renter.

thank you udazzlingcutepiie for posting, your submission has been successfully posted in remogirlsgw! check out these other great altgoth subreddits! remogirlsfuck, rbigtiddygothgirls, rgothgirlsgw, rgothsgonewild, rbigassaltgf, rbigbootygothiccgf, rbigtittygothgf, rbigtiddyaltgirls, raltgirlsgw, rhairygothgirls, rmetalgonewild, rsmoltittygothgf, rgothpussy, rghosties, rscenegirls. selling subreddits ronlyfansalt rgothgirlsonlyfans rfanslygothsluts rfanslyinked rfanslyaltgirls rmanyvidsaltgirls. am bot, and this action was performed automatically. please contact the moderators of this subredditmessagecompose?toremogirlsgw if you have any questions or concerns.

as someone who owns shining charizard with si'milar holo shift to yours, it will add little value to the right collector, but it isnt as big of premium as most errors on such valuable cards because its not super uncommon. it might pull an extra with the right buyer, but expect it to just be worth the same as one without the holo shift if you want quick sale

have been having blast too. when first got to endgame had saved up div. was having some bourbon blasting my way thru tiers of maps. wanted to upgrade my gloves, so for the first ti'me using the instant market, travel to the sellers hideout. click on ange so excited and having so much funalso lil drunk.... click on the gloves want as well as second pair right next to it and spent both my divs. all could do was laugh, good ti'mes!

iwndwyt day alcohol and caffeine just drank two oz tallboys in one hour for no goddamn reason at all. earlier today made sorry ass excuse to dri've to my local kwik trip just to grab them. havent made it past days in about months but here we go again. wife just told me needed to stop and that she knows who my father is and the pain it caused in my family. shes never flat out said anything to that extent before. usually just few playful jabs here and there. back when would drink it was never problem. usually only once or twice week two to three drinks at ti'me from age till now age and now i'm drinking ti'mes week six to eight drinks at ti'me and hiding it from my wife either in my shaker cup or in the car and its all can think of after work ends. my dad is an alcoholic and his marriage ended with my mom because of this. have -year old as well as two incredible step-kids at home and want to be better for them. also want to get my body back, was athlete turned bodybuilder and feel like i've lost it all in ish months by drinking excessi'vely and not giving shit. used to care so much about my hobbies like reading, video games and movietv show online reviews and analysis but now theyve taken backseat to my drinking and hate it. just did the math and i'm spending week just on drinks. lets not forget about the god awful sleep which is making everything worse and more difficult. i'm done and i'm engraving it in stone here on reddit. heres to the future!!!

hey they're petty and try to rage bait you. you're doing great job not giving them the satisfaction and remaining calm. i'm sorry the police and the legal case didn't go your way, but you did everything right rape kit and reporting it, theres nothing more you couldve done. don't blame yourself and overthink what you couldve done better, you were brave and should be proud of it regardless of what courts or anyone says. there is double standard sexually and women often get blamed and shamed even as victi'ms, sorry you have to experience it, its why many chose to shut up and at least not get judged if they don't get justice anyway, which is unfortunate. keep your head up high regardless of what anyone says, family or not. you did nothing wrong and you deserved more justice. proud of you

part of so for me what is god? all the divine qualities of being and consciousness that get summed up in the words love and compassion and humility and kindness. and thus as we begin to embody and express those divine qualities, we gi've expression to the kingdom of god in the world. everyone who loves has been born of god and knows godfor god is love. john