don't think, but rather know, because paid attention in civics class, and because i've paid attention throughout my life to our municipal governments, that the chief executi've of government has great deal of authority over policy, and can play major role in directing legislation. for that reason, if we want major reform, we have to elect an executi've and legislature who will work in tandem to i'mplement the relevant reforms. gee, wonder whats about to happen on the seattle and bellevue ballots this coming week.

don't dread too hard. this is more like chronic illness now, that you will have to go through treatment but life will return to normal, albeit little adjusted. was at diagnosis, with kids and had surgery, chemo last year, am now on double hormone blocker therapy and had another surgery correcti've, so not strictly necessary. ride my horse, do strength training, worked full ti'me through, everything is almost normal, except my hair refuses to grow, haha. gained weight last year, lost it all back to normal now. as much as it felt like the ground was slipping from under me, when was diagnosed have now emerged on the other side. wiser, if anything. you can do this. don't let it consume more of your life than it has to. being very fit helps you lot, because you will recover from everything more smoothly

all the season pois and mythics, was such fun season. also had the best story of the season, or at least enjoyed it the most. so many fun weapons this chapter too, especially this last season. wrecker, collateral damage ar, minigun, air strikes, the mortal kombat mythics, all the crazy blasters in the star wars mini-season.

op, please reply to the correct answer with solved! include the additionally, use our spotlight feature by tappingclicking on the three dots and selecting spotlight, pin this comment in order to highlight it for other members. thanks for using our friendly automod! am bot, and this action was performed automatically. please contact the moderators of this subredditmessagecompose?torwhatisit if you have any questions or concerns.

no, do not feel guilty for leaving hi'm. you need to get divorce. making an ai generated nude of another girl not just any girl, but one he is best friends with who he also had crush on at one point while being married is crazy. he generated that i'mage for reason, and its because hes sexually attracted to her. your husband should only be sexually attracted to you. leave hi'm and don't look back.

as freelancer, yes. and when it comes to my money as an expat, always keep track of my finances and taxes. it helps during tax fillings. reduces dependency on an accountant as well. do it- -manually best in some way -with platforms or apps specific to country free ones are available such as mint, gnucash, irsgo -in case of different currencies, use cross country platforms ones such as settel .io

shes the voice in my head when go to the store and can't find shit but its like fuck them signs! that bitch right there knows where every damn thing is and we can get the fuck out of this god awful hell hole and away from all these fucking people. then ask and they're like sir i'm just vendor, don't actually work here. so kick the ladder out from under them and throw their whole crate of fucking wonderbread on their stupid fucking face and steal their fuckin twinkies. then snap out of it and apologize to the grandma whos cart i'm blocking because thought the corner of the fucking building was well out of everyones way for me to have my inner tantrum. wrong. can someone explain to me please how am always in some-fucking-bodys way at the store? wheres the safe spot for husbands and fathers to stand while their wife and kids raid the isle and bring back the loot?

your first thought should be to get proper brick and mortar bank account so you can talk to people and not ai bots. real banks don't restrict access to accounts without solid legal evidence of fraud, money laundering or cri'minal activity. please take this as wake up call to move your funds to real bank. revolut is fine for travel money and as backup online-only account, but for anything else it can be an unmitigated disaster. please learn from this experience and warn any friends that have all their money in online-only banks.

you appear to lack flair. here is guide for new reddit guide for old reddit and guide for mobile reddit if you cannot locate your age and gender, please message us asking for the correct gender flair. please also specify if you want your age to go with it as well. thanks! am bot, and this action was performed automatically. please contact the moderators of this subredditmessagecompose?toraskteengirls if you have any questions or concerns.