when he said he wouldnt want our future kid to bring home person of color it was wraps, its like i'm grieving the first version of hi'm that knew before this. he would have been perfect for me if it wasnt for this. cannot believe he can even think like that

i've read your points and i'm okay with leaving it at difference of opinion. if your goal was just to say there are better options, that's fine. but feraligatr is my favorite pokemon, so it never needed to beat out any other pokemon for me to enjoy and utilize it. again, this game was not made with vgc in mind. could rebut few of your points, but don't really think its necessary because never said feraligatr was literally the best water pokemon in the game. its just my favorite and think any fans of it should celebrate the fact that he got any shine at all. comparing apples to oranges doesn't change the taste and enjoyability of either.

are you talking about gyoubu? can't see the spesific problem here basically the more you deflect the easier you will get to the deathblow and when you don't hit or deflect them consistently they regain the posture lost. so even if you deflect lot you might have long fight if you can't keep the pressure up, don't hesitate.

thanks for taking the ti'me to share your thoughts in my case! would like to use copilot studio as the plan later on is to extent capabilities via different topics. the same concept is working very well on agent build with the builder copilot studio light, but it seems without connectors the full cp studio has less flexibility. got also suggestion to ask user to upload on specific sharepoint location and the specific link to be part of the knowledge package so would not need connector to export text from pdf, but so far did not manage to make it work.

iedomjies ka tu sm visu savu dzvi velc tos dmus plaus. tu dom vai tev dmi trauctu, ja kds tev blakm smtu? smtji ir pieradui un tiem tie neizraisa diskomfortu, tpc tie nesaprot par ko te jezga. aizrdjums uztveras diskri'mincija. cilvkiem dadas perspektvas. un smana jau ir aizliegta pieturs, pie ieejm un tam ldzgi. pat uz balkoniem neesmu dros vai var. pc fakta jau vari policiju saukt. vienkri neviens to nedars.

for kintetsu trains, the li'mited express seat fee is an extra charge on top of your base fare. from osaka namba to shiroko, the seat fee is around to yen depending on the train and ti'me of day as far as remember. you need this ticket because all li'mited express seats are reserved. you can buy the li'mited express ticket at any kintetsu station from machine or ticket counter. just tell the staff or select your departure and destination, date, and ti'me. you can also book online through kintetsus english website and pick up the ticket later. if you're using the kintetsu rail pass, it covers the base fare, but you still have to pay the li'mited express seat fee separately. once you arri've at shiroko station, you can take short local bus or taxi to suzuka circuit. since its for the weekend, trains will be crowded, so its smart to book the li'mited express seat in advance to guarantee spot and smooth trip.

assume you are from norway then? the amount of reported cri'me per people in used to be cri'mes, the i'mmigrant population of the ti'me was only of million. in cri'mes per people were reported, despite the i'mmigrant population having doubled since then reaching million so, if i'mmigrantion was really i'mporting cri'me, wouldnt the rate of cri'me have doubled instead of fallen? cri'me is socioeconomic factor, poor people commit more cri'mes. and i'mmigrants are more likely to be poor as they come to countries without really any networks, they then are stuck doing low-wage jobs. this makes people turn to cri'me.

hi uirradiatedhellreaper, this submission has been automatically removed because it is very short. its quite likely that the post breaks one of our subreddit rules your thread may need more detail or its topic may not be allowed by our rules such as no questions with specific answer or no questions that generate short answers. if your thread was asking for suggestions about what games to get then you should look at asking either rgamingsuggestions, rshouldibuythisgame, or raskgames. if you are looking for the name of game then you should try rtipofmyjoystick. please send us message if you think that the bots removal is inaccurate. am bot, and this action was performed automatically. please contact the moderators of this subredditmessagecompose?torgames if you have any questions or concerns.

but were talking about theoretical boxing match with real physics in place, one person just happens to be invulnerable. if you get ragdolled around without being competiti've, the ref will call off the fight. it doesn't matter if you're physically capable of continuing. the theoretical match here is boxing match with boxing rules. whats the point in adding lbs to the prompt? why not lbs? clearly its because it affects the outcome. also its literally in the op prompt he can still be knocked and thrown around, but he will never cut or bruise, never be injured, never feel pain, and never become dizzy, fatigued, or out of breath.

honestly on his record think hes going to have hard ti'me record homelessness record high cost of living record high cost of housing highest state taxes in the country billions spent on solving homelessness billions spent on high speed rail billions in surplus with no infrastructure spending surplus to deficits cleared out homeless from sf for xi, afterwards ignores the problem hes typical politician with no real results to speak for