pentax pri'me lens are severely underrated i'mo...a lot of them look amazing. plus have found using pri'me lens as beginner helped ton to force you to be closer and more inti'mate with the subject. forgot who said this. if your photographs arent good enough, you arent close enough. don't just zoom, be out there with whatever you are photographing.

i'm flex player. don't preselect anyone because people will absolutely ban the character preselect after try banning jeff, which would mean they're actually wasting ban since have lord characters i've been regularly using for competiti've and many others can play on the same level as well. have at least one jeff in the majority of my matches though and have many reasons why id not want to deal with players selecting hi'm.

well obviously. water can't rush into compartments above water. it can burn but you're not going to be changing the displacement of the carrier by blowing up something above the waterline. feel like if modified zebra is set underway properly and you have decent crew to set full zebra if something was happening it would be pretty hard to actually sink carrier.

click here to message op the comments on all rgbrr posts are now locked due to spam, selling, and pm me comments. we do not lock the comments on posts with the meta tag, so if you want to make post discussing the state of the subreddit please post with the meta tag. example meta can we please lock the comments? am bot, and this action was performed automatically. please contact the moderators of this subredditmessagecompose?torgbrr if you have any questions or concerns.

come here motivator. school circle real quick and look me in the eye, and gi've me as honest as an answer as you can gi've me. from marine to future marine, tell me. why do you think its good idea to participate in month long training cycle, of one of the most difficult, physically straining and mentally draining professional military basic training courses in the us military, if you don't meet the bare mini'mum basic physical requirements?

what frustrates me is that hugh jackman is broadway star. shocked he couldve sounded good if he hadnt been pushed to hit notes way outside his range and kept working while dehydrated for days. get that they wanted big-name actor with film experience, but since theyd already picked jackman, they really shouldnt have put hi'm in the wrong vocal spot like that.

post was removed for being way too long. please put the question in the title and use the body to gi've context if necessary. keep it succint. don't post your life story, don't post wall of text, don't post novel. current character li'mit is characters. do feel free to repost within the guidlines gi'ven above. am bot, and this action was performed automatically. please contact the moderators of this subredditmessagecompose?toraskredditafterdark if you have any questions or concerns.