thank you so much for your post! check out these other subs and and join in on the fun! tops rboobiesandbongs ganja and titties! rcompetiti'vetits new winner every week rgetyatitsout flashing, exhibition, nip slips rthedarknipple for the dark nipple lovers tails rallrearview the view from behind ranyinnies pussies, buttholes, and nipples rballoonknots butthole appreciation rinvitingholes welcoming holes rshirtclamming female shirtcocking fetishy rcurvyqts thick chick appreciation rfeeturednudes nudes featuring feet rpalebeach pale chicks at the beach you help these subs grow with everything you do! its appreciated! am bot, and this action was performed automatically. please contact the moderators of this subredditmessagecompose?torinvitingholes if you have any questions or concerns.

so in the last government shut downs democrats argued clean cr was all they were asking for while republicans wanted additional policy concessions. whats different this ti'me? is it healthcare? how many people does the democratic ask effect people vs the amount of people hurt by the lost of snap hurt people?

hi uparticularad, your post has been removed because you posted something with nsfw tag. please keep all content pg- by posting sfw safe for work art only. nsfw posts are auto-removed by our moderation automation bots. we no longer allow nsfw art in rhoustonlesbian. if you think this is mistake, please contact the moderators through modmail thank you!

whatever happens tomorrow everyone will be okay. amazon hires top talent and everyone knows it. as previous employee having amazon experience on your resume attracts recruiters. keep in mind, mass layoffs have nothing to do with your talent. you were hired because you are the best and you will be the best the next place you go.

hindi ka oa,ginagaslight mo sarili mo. bakit ka nagpapaka-anak sa mga magulang mo hindi ka naman tinuring na anak at hindi ka nagpakamagulang sayo. unahin mo sarili mo at yung anak mo. pinabayaan ka nga nila eh, matanda na yan mga yan di mo sila kailangan akuin. inaabuso ka na, nagpapaabuso ka naman.

the story goes on like this, he was born in amstetten, lower austria, on april josef fritzl was found guilty of one of the most horrifying incidents of rape, false i'mprisonment, and incest in modern history. when elisabeth was eleven years old in he started sexually abusing her. under the guise of assisting with the installation of door, fritzl lured her into the basement of their family house in he then sedated her with an ether-soaked rag and locked her up in soundproofed crypt he had covertly built over number of years the ceiling was just ''' had she and her kids had to endure that for years with no natural light. he forced her to have seven children with hi'm as he held her capti've for years, saed her frequently, someti'mes many ti'mes day. the mental trauma she and her three kids undergroundhad was really bad till this day she can't seem to get over it. even the kids that were taken up to be raised by josef hi'mself remaining three even had to go to anger management after the whole truth came out.

when left christianity, found that despite being told all my life that people had god-shaped hole that they needed to fill with jesus, id been trying to cram jesus into hole that didn't exist. but the difference in my case was that left pri'marily because didn't believe, rather than because didn't like it although certainly didn't see god as loving before the end. wasnt looking for anything to fill hole left by the lack of christianity, because there was no hole. lot of people, though, leave christianity for other reasons than me and go out in search of something to gi've them the same feeling of purpose, community, hope, etc. that christianity was supposed to gi've them. many find other religions that fit them better. is this the sort of situation you're in now? are you seeking the things that christianity failed to provide?

you go on and just keep on making excuses for being selfish and making up straw-man arguments no one ever said. nobody said the best contribution you believe you have to offer society is procreation though sadly that really might be the best you yourself can shoot for considering how adverse you are to any responsibility. advocate for it because most people are capable of being good parents and having kids changes you for the better. we ve done this for literally thousands of years but now in this ti'me of abundance its some how too hard. like just stahp. the rest of us will do the hard work. we get it. also saying procreating is base level instinct as minor achievement is so disconnected and bizarre from being base level healthy minded human that blows my mind. i've worked on fighter jets ran companies- worked with people who make literally hundreds of million of dollars ---- can't fathom what in the world you believe is major human achievement other then creating an exceptional human being that will go on to change the world. hahaha you sir lack wisdom.

need mo ng patience hahaha one cat lang ung pinakapon ko pero grabe ung stress na na-exp ko hahahaha thankful ako sa kapatid ko kasi tinutulungan nya ko alagaan ung pusa ko. magpapainom ng meds, apply cream, alalay sa pag-ihi at inom, pagbabantay kung nadidilaan na ba ung sugat. very i'mportant ung cone, marami kaming cone na binili kasi natatanggal nya talaga hanggang sa nahanap namin ung best cone hahahaha tapos nagsuggest din sila na tofu litter ung gamitin nila para magpoop or ihi. late na namin to nalaman pero buti na lang din di dinidikit ng pusa ko ung butt nya sa sand so di na-infect sugat nya. usually week lang recovery period sa male cats daw pero me umabot ng two weeks just to make sure na dry na ung sugat. sobrang maaawa ka sa kanila kasi umiiyak sila pag di sanay sa cone, di nakakapag-groom tho binibigyan namin ng break sa cone para makapag-groom tapos binabalik na namin pag didilaan na ung sugat. mas magandang naka-cage sila para mini'mal movements or sa maliit na kwarto na di sila makakatalon. ayon since two cats yan, much better if may kasama ka na tutulong sayo.