rosy boas and childrens pythons are great picks. also sand boas and hognoses. though please get pet that you really want, don't just choose snake cause its labeled beginner! if you have any particular snake in mind assuming you can afford to care for it properly get that one even if its not beginner. just be sure to do very thorough research!

had major tantrum last week tapering for marathon hrv went to absolute shit, as did rhr, sleep quality, stress level, everything garmin clai'ms to measure. felt depressed af with no clear onsetting event, felt terrible race morning, then started running and felt great, hit massi've pr. if youve done the work, itll very likely just come together.

yeah i'm not sure what they thought would happen when you gi've us long site lines and make every push to the objecti've force you out of cover. blackwell fields is an absurd map that pushes against everything the current maps have built, it doesn't make any sense and lacks any identity beyond bring frustrating as fuck to play on.

is hard to look back and understand how much of an i'mpact something has when you become accustomed to the things they gave you. like watching scfi from the with video calls and plastic clothing. it blends in to what you know and isnt as special. shakespeare wrote so many story premises that have been regurgitated as netflix and hallmark specials that it is making shakespeare seem like another reductionist when you look back but he is the original.

cara, por mais incrvel que parea, vi gente falando que eles so bons at xy, que pra mi'm surreal porque eu acho viva la vida fodastico de bom. mylo xyloto no lbum que eu mais curto, mas no de tudo rui'm, arte conceito so incrveis. ghost stories demais, eu sempre achei engraado como ele foi lanado entre dois lbuns bem coloridos deles, head full of dreams eu no curti tanto, mas tem msicas boas. pior que everyday life eu at achei bacana, mas no um lbum que vontade de ouvir, agora os dois lti'mos, meu deus, no no kkkkkkkk espero que eles ainda faam um lbum explorando mais musicalidade deles, porque eles so fodas, vi as li'ves da poca dos pri'meiros lbuns, cara, som que eles tiravam era insano. acredito que eles foram para esse lado comercial por prpria deciso do chris, ele mesmo disse que eles no curtiam mais esse som deles, que ele gosta mais de msicas para grandes estdios, mas acredito que deve ter tido dedo da gravadora deles no meio para eles lanarem um som mais perto de outras bandas pop que estavam explodindo na poca. fora que esses produtores que trabalharam nesses lti'mos lbuns deles so horrveis, no horrveis, mas so mais de msica pop mesmo. vamos ver, vi em algum lugar que chris queria lanar um lti'mo lbum pegando mais parte dos lbuns antigos deles, esperando para saber.

its so much work, and the costs are always more than you think. you have to be smart about it, you have to watch the trades you higher like hawk, and its very very ti'me consuming. you can easily lose money but you can also infuse real value. it just depends if you handle it properly and what skills you bring. i'm really good at design, selecting materials, doing things properly and micromanagement of the project so i've added value. i'm in the middle of another one and itll be couple of years before it is done. think i've added like in additional value beyond what i've put in so far.