could argue having amakusa to replace one of the hi nus but basically this. but have theory, if you suck or lack meta supportraid just gen stack, if one of the gens has good range and or data link its plus no point being crummy raid and getting chat spammed or being support and being bullied because your team doesn't care about you you can't assert yourself

mucho se puede decir desde un punto de vista externo general. por ejemplo la forma en que ciertos grupos de poblaciones judas hiper ricas haban generado prstamos en alemania, que si se asociaban en general con polticos horrendos gente tacaa, desagradable, hermtica muy mezquina con gente no juda, como hoy en da sucede pero en general es ms cosa de su visin muy... personal... eso la nica forma de conocerlo es leer la de mi lucha de adolph hitler.

well apparently you didn't read the wikipedia article very closely because if you had you would see that medical euthanasia was responsible for of all deaths in canada in which is the last year we have public record for. in fact, if you go to the source for the wikipedia article, they do indeed disclosed the numbers for on how many people will reject heed in how many requests were withdrawn fifth annual report on medical assistance in dying in canada, canada.ca if you do get into it there were requests for using maid in people used the maid program were rejected for not meeting the legal standard, were withdrawn by the participant and died before the procedure could be performed. this puts the acceptance rate closer to rather than again, this is public record pri'marily because it is being used in ongoing litigation. in conclusion, of all deaths in canada for the year is quite bit more than few people and the rejection rate is much lower than you seem to think it is and talking people out of it is even lower. not quite check mate

listen here all you old ti'mers, lol now that have your attention, do yourself favor and listen to drain. there band from santa cruz ca, but they seriously fucking rock. they even wear panterametallica shirts, so they know what food music is. songs id suggest are good good things watch you burn living proof feel the pressure california cursed those are all fuckin sick ass songs- whoever is reading this, obviously have some ti'me on ur hands so do urself favor and listen to couple songs theyll surprise the shit out of you. used to think still do mostly that good rock music is and was just thing of the past. that no one from this era, even comes close to rock roll from back in the day. but i'm telling you, they're the bestclosest youll get to the badass shit we all know love. now, ill answer your question, lol metallica, alice in chainslayne stanley only, iron maiden, megadeath, pink floyd, led zeppelin, credence clearwater, one or two tesla songs, van halen, motley crue, sex pistols, misfits, social distortion, pennywise, and fucking love old school gangster rap -s and most but definitely not all rap from today. last but not least uicideboys- till fucking die

had the exact same problem with my daith piercing- it would sit more forwards then in my ear. my piercer told me this would happen as got it pierced very shallow. my piercer also told me to get fabric bandaid and cut little strips and stick it down every night. did it for week and it worked fine and havent had anymore problems. just taped the top of the earring to kinda like where youd get rook or flat?

don't hate me for this, but the one thing don't see is way to safely use ai and automation in my work. believe microsoft is working on this work copilot for windows etc. in fact just forget ai, gi've me desktop automation tool that lets me orchestrate apps and perform tasks. later make it optional to connect ai. agentic ai for the desktop? it has nice ring to it but maybe oxymoronic. so yeah there are areas on innovation not happening on linux.

your post was removed because there is si'mply not enough information provided for anyone to provide you with useful answer. before you post again, please check that youve provided us with concise problem description in the title and not just please help!, so the right experts will open and read your post. perhaps have look at our asking for help quick guide which provides guidance as to what to include and how to do so. this makes it easier for people who want to help you to be able to do so. in your post text, make sure youve gi'ven us all the information you have access to. more is better. include your entire hardware layout, every component you're using, the circuit layout not photo or video of wires, your computer code make sure you format it properly no screenshots of code, and describe what you thought would happen, and what actually happened. include any error messages as well. you are encouraged to include photo of your circuit andor video of your project if it provides additional information, but these are strictly in addition to, not in place of proper circuit diagram and code in formatted code block. if you need more help please check the sidebar for more information.

indifferent. wouldnt mind having single id that's verified. every job go to now have to create new account with, upload my passport and driving licence, last payslips if can find them, wait for them to find something i've not uploaded or done. its bit of faff. however, it can't digitally exclude those who don't have the means to use digital id. those worried about your data being sold on, your data is already tracked and sold by private companies anyway

yes but those meek tall guys are still visibly dangerous and thus i'mposing. ill add, have friend that is lbs and is the nicest most gentle person youd meet, but watched someone egregiously cross line with hi'm and fully underesti'mate his size. up until that day had never seen someone lift person off the ground by their jacket with one arm and punch them in the face with the other

if you have or want friendly relationship with your roommate, then yeah, you might be overreacting. you can let the know, sweetly, that you were hurt and gi've them chance to make things right and if kindness doesn't work, and behavior persists, there are more issues than just the houseguest.

the reason it shouldnt be changed is because theres no reason for the change. the current rules are easy to understand and si'mple. they don't require lot of odd outliers just to justify likely minor change. why not make phrexian mana not count? or symbols in cards text? its odd that hybrid costed card can be in monocolor deck, but commander with that same hybrid cost would somehow not be monocolor? also, typically the onus is on the people proposing change to justify why its necessary, not the other way around? it just strikes me as odd why with so many actual issues with the format they're instead focusing on trying to change one of the fundamental rules that has basically existed forever in the format.