so, didn't make up the term module fragment. just got the concepts mixed up. module fragments actually refer to vertical sections of the module within the same file e.g. the global fragment where you can do includes and other preprocessor things. so, you were right to identify that. don't want to confuse others with my word salad.

q. someone know has gone from average joe to billionaire in less than years and it doesn't look like hes slowing down. was thinking when is it enough and you decide to stop trying to make more money and just enjoy it. known you would still need purpose in life still,so perhaps his purpose is getting richer and richer and that's what hell always keep going. but money isnt everything. when lost my job few years back my gf and decided we would forgo the would be earning so could focus on our passion which is our rural property. can you identify with his situation and comment? q. the way know hi'm is that mutual friend asked me to meet hi'm and gi've hi'm some guidance on how he can make business he was starting successful. spent couple of hours with hi'm and suggested he run things in very differently than he planned. gave hi'm some advice about the best way to market hos business and ways to get around some barriers. he obviously evolved those suggestions tremendously, but its the ideas gave hi'm that are the reason the business became what it is. would never ask to be remunerated for what did. but ill admit its not great thinking about his dozen or so supercars and millionaire lifestyle knowing he used my ideas to get it. i'm not pissed off or anything, gladly gave hi'm some advice free of charge no strings attached. but the model is now being copied by heaps of businesses and i've got an opportunity to perhaps roll out non completing version myself. my question is, would it be reasonable to get in touch with hi'm and ask for what gave hi'm, couple of hours of his ti'me in the hope he can help fast track our success? ie. is billionaires two hours not equivalent to the two hours gave hi'm years ago? sorry that was way longer than expected.... should have got your answer to the second question first.

also, countries. these are rouge jihadists in the sahel and west africa who have been trying to create caliphate since the early they have been doing this you have stories from many christians and traditionalist in these areas having to flee cause of massacres and sharia. this is an extremist problem, not an americanisreal problem.

and turnovers with literal plus minus. it was sloppy but ill wave it off with the third stringers and the ball literally bouncing off the back of vandos head bigger issue for me so far this season is ayton in the paint. he almost always brings the ball down, catch and go up with it big fella

i'm not missing your point just don't agree. having bigger fandom doesn't make it more unique, it makes it more popular. and there are loads of fandom that combine all of this, at last to the degree worm is unique. mean do you count every popular web novel in this group too?

think the big logo would only look proportionately better on sizes that are on the larger range of those that use the smaller so basically like .. anything smaller than ., id say the small logo looks better and more proportionate. wear ., and i'm sure would look okay with the big logo too, but also have couple pairs in size and when you start getting down to cm or shorter for those smaller sizes, the big logos would start to look massi've and disproportionate for this discussion and my perspecti've also applies to the

yes. this is problem now so pervasi've in society that its starting to create very serious second order problems. basically we just need to make sure that we stop creating systems where there are multi-milllion dollar incenti'ves available for ignoring rules regs, and re-direct the course of culture that currently embraces the idea that rules regs lie on spectrum from corrupt conspiracy to stupid inconvenience.

have very much tried. he doesn't even react. he doesn't fight about it he listens to what have to say with blank expression and then never does anything about it. also tried to ask if can do anything with no response, have asked to talk about it in therapy but he didn't really speak when we did. am very open and honest, i'm vocal communicati've person and with sex am not shy at all. but he is beyond prude, like he si'mply shuts down about it. the most reaction ever got was when suggested pills maybe to help hi'm last longer to gi've me chance to enjoy it and he seriously blew up. so dunno

oh noo don't use my loofah on my vulva oh id never just meant like if i'm washing my thighs and it accidentally touches it, throw it away or is it fine? i'm making an appointment for hi'm tomorrow to get tested for it. was going to wait until my test came back but since he could have it and not know its best to make sure. if the test comes back positi've will probably ask for daily medication. the ob possibly have really isnt that bad, like its bit uncomfortable, but surely don't want to deal with this on regular basis. and thank you for answering so many of my questions! appreciate you.

warning uephanryan read the below to avoid being scammed only trade with someone that comments on your post, open your post and confirm the comment is visible. banned users cannot comment, but may pm you and attempt to make it look like public comment. do not trade with green colored usernames or anyone having before their name these are subreddits made by scammers to trick traders. search your trading partner on the uni'versal scammer list usl. known serial scammers, ignore and block etinllnnmllilill !!! loneoinlinoneilonone !!! illbilitiliseli or any si'milar looking name smargo !!! snes !!! bjfoster !!! serenadings !!! dgollert click here to learn how to confirm transactions, leave feedback, and increase your flair score. am bot, and this action was performed automatically. please contact the moderators of this subredditmessagecompose?torgiftcardexchange if you have any questions or concerns.