i'm struggling with the exact same thing currently. if i'm sober start hitting my head and shaking it to try stop the thoughts but obviously that doesn't help. i'm too, lost weight, can't sleep, quite unwell. people always say to stop drinking but they don't understand what its actually like having constant bully in ur head

the lyrics are not the issue as much as how they are deli'vered, and also the beats have not aged as well as other albums from the mids. that being said, respect hov lot for consistently dropping albums for yrs straight, with many of them being outright classics, and others hood classics

please be respectful and follow the community rules. this is place for people who love rep sneakers to share, discuss, and enjoy. no drama or disrespectanyone causing problems will be sanctioned and may be banned am bot, and this action was performed automatically. please contact the moderators of this subredditmessagecompose?torrepsneakersdogs if you have any questions or concerns.

it sounds like opportunities might be pretty li'mited there, which sucks if so. if that's the case, would not let anyone win, but if they hit more and more gas will, i'm not here to work that hard so let them get tired and worn out. no need for me to. do what you do well, but don't kill yourself to win, just work in way that you feel good about the work you're doing, apart from results. let them carry the burden of results. its fickle and always wants more. that's their lesson to learn. if its something you really want, just count the cost. what do get, and what does it cost? am willing to pay? usually the answer is no, but that allows you to really go all out when its truly yes.

your post has been removed because you do not meet the mini'mum karmaage requirements for posting. these measures have been put in place to prevent scammingabuse. please read the entire message carefully before using modmail in order to have your posts not be removed, you must do the following wait until your account is at least days old acquire at least karma on your reddit account you need to meet both of the above requirements to be able to post. if you do not know what karma is or do not know how to get more karma, you can refer to this link you can't get karma by posting here because your posts will be deleted, so youll have to go to different subreddit and post there. am bot, and this action was performed automatically. please contact the moderators of this subredditmessagecompose?torpokemongotrade if you have any questions or concerns.

that's exactly my point. people who have all their diplomas in june or people who have already taken them will have grades lower than people who didn't even have to take them. my solution is postpone the january diplomas by about instructional days to allow for equal instruction between the two sectors, or reduce the weightings. weighting is unfair for you, yes, but and insane grade inflation is also unfair too.